= Master Data

*Definition*

See xref:classification.adoc[Data Classification]

*Hierarchy*

The hierarchy of master data entities is illustrated in as follows.

Note: The hierarchy can be changed based on the actual conditions.

image::9922ee3083e7a8c63c9625a86e6cdce5.jpg[title="Master Data"]

The PPDM definition of the master data entities are as follows:

*Field* A geographical area defined for administrative and legal
purposes.

*Pool/Reservoir* Represents a reservoir or a group of small tracts of
land brought together for the granting of a well permit under applicable
spacing rules. In Canada pool almost exclusively refers to a reservoir
and these codes are usually unique within a province/field. In the
United States, these codes are unique either to the state, or to the
state/field or the district.

*Zone* A zone may be a regular or irregular belt, layer, band, or strip
of earth materials disposed horizontally, vertically, concentrically or
otherwise, and characterized as distinct from surrounding parts by some
particular property or content.

*Well* A well is the location on the surface of the earth or sea bed
where the drill bit is planned to penetrate or does penetrate the earth
to establish or rework a well. The well will be the same with `Well
Origin' in PPDM.

*Wellbore* A Wellbore is a path of drilled footage, from Well Origin
(top/start) to a terminating point (bottom/end).

*Well Completion* the completion activity in the wellbore. Since a
wellbore may have multiple completions, the completion observation
number uniquely identifies each occurrence.

*Well Tubular* casing or liners which are run into the well.

*Well Equipment* the equipment installed at the well.

*Facility* A collection of surface equipment and meters which facilitate
the production, injection or disposition of products. This equipment
supports any operation in the processing, development and transportation
of products, such as pipeline, tank, battery, etc.

*Equipment* all the equipment that is included on the support facility
such as a rig. In rigs, equipment may include engines, generators, mud
pumps, draw works, mast, substructure, traveling block, swivel, rotary
table, blowout preventer, blowout preventer closing units, etc.

== Asset

Table name: Asset

[width="100%",cols="12%,7%,13%,34%,34%",options="header",]
|===
|Column Name |Display Name |Data Type |Ref_Table |Description
|ASSET_ID |Asset ID |integer | |ASSET ID: Unique internal identifier for
asset object

|ASSET_NAME |Asset Name |character varying(100) | |ASSET NAME: The name
of the asset.

|ASSET_TYPE_ID |Asset Type ID |integer
|link:reference-data/#r_asset_type[R ASSET TYPE] |ASSET
TYPE IDENTIFIER: Contains the type of this ASSET_ID whose list is in
ASSET _TYPE.

|ASSET_TYPE |Asset Type |character varying(50)
|link:reference-data/#r_asset_type[R_ASSET_TYPE] |ASSET
TYPE NAME: The type for this row of asset.

|REMARKS |Remarks |character varying(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean | |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y or N flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active/valid (Y)
or inactive/invalid (N).

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) | |ROW CHANGED BY:
Application login id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp | |ROW CHANGED DATE: System
date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) | |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp | |ROW CREATED DATE: Date
that the row was created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image::asset.png[title="Asset"]

== Connected Node

*Table Name: connected_node*

CONNECTED NODE: Nodes are used to connect ports.

[width="100%",cols="16%,10%,20%,9%,45%",options="header",]
|===
|Column Name |Display Name |Data Type |*Ref_Table* |Description
|CONNECTED_NODE_ID |Connected Node |INTEGER | |Primary Key

|OUTLET_ID |Outlet ID |INTEGER |link:#port[PORT] |OUTLET ID

|INLET_ID |Inlet ID |INTEGER |link:#port[PORT] |INLET ID

|EXPIRY_DATE |Expiry Date |TIMESTAMP WITHOUT TIME ZONE | |D TIM END:The
date and time that the connection was terminated.

|EFFECTIVE_DATE |Effective Date |TIMESTAMP WITHOUT TIME ZONE | |D TIM
START:The date and time that the connection was activated.

|PLAN_NAME |Plan Name |CHARACTER VARYING | |PLAN NAME:The name of a
network plan. This indicates a planned connection. The connected port
must be part of the same plan or be an actual. Not specified indicates
an actual connection.

|COMMENT |Comment |CHARACTER VARYING | |COMMENT:A descriptive remark
associated with this connection, possibly including a reason for
termination.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean | |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y/N flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active / valid
(Y) or inactive / invalid (N).

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) | |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp | |System date of the last
time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) | |System user who
created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp | |Date that the row was
created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image::connected_node.png[title="Connection Node"]

== Equipment

*Table Name: equipment*

EQUIPMENT: Use this table to describe pieces of equipment that are real.
May be any kind of equipment, microscopes, gauges, etc.

[width="100%",cols="15%,11%,12%,31%,31%",options="header",]
|===
|Column Name |Display Name |Data Type |*Ref_Table* |Description
|EQUIPMENT_ID |Equipment ID |integer | |EQUIPMENT IDENTIFIER: Unique
identifier for the list of the equipment.

|EQUIPMENT_NAME |Equipment Name |character varying(40) | |EQUIPMENT
NAME: For specific types of equipment that are assigned names, such as
rigs. This column should not be used to identify the type of equipment
this is.

|R_EQUIPMENT_TYPE_ID |Equipment Type ID |integer
|link:reference-data/#r_equipment_type[R_EQUIPMENT_TYPE]
|EQUIPMENT TYPE IDENTIFIER: Number uniquely identifying the equipment
type.

|EQUIPMENT_TYPE |Equipment Type |character varying(40)
|link:reference-data/#r_equipment_type[R_EQUIPMENT_TYPE]
|EQUIPMENT TYPE: Describe the types of equipment.

|R_EQUIPMENT_SUB_TYPE_ID |Equipment Sub Type ID |integer
|link:reference-data/#r_equipment_sub_type[R_EQUIPMENT_SUB_TYPE]
|EQUIPMENT SUB TYPE IDENTIFIER: Number uniquely identifying the
equipment sub type.

|EQUIPMENT_SUB_TYPE |Equipment Sub Type |character varying(40)
|link:reference-data/#r_equipment_sub_type[R_EQUIPMENT_SUB_TYPE]
|EQUIPMENT SUB TYPE: Describe the sub type of equipment.

|COMMISSION_DATE |Commission Date |timestamp | |COMMISSION DATE: The
date when this piece of equipment was commissioned.

|DECOMMISSION_DATE |Decommission Date |timestamp | |DECOMMISSION DATE:
The date when this piece of equipment was decommissioned.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean | |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y/N flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active / valid
(Y) or inactive / invalid (N).

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) | |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp | |System date of the last
time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) | |System user who
created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp | |Date that the row was
created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image::equipment.png[title="equipment"]

=== Equipment Type Measurement

*Table Name: equipment_type_measurement*

EQUIPMENT TYPE MEASUREMENT: This table is used to clarify what
measurements are associated with which equipment.

[width="100%",cols="17%,14%,11%,29%,29%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Ref_Table* |*Description*
|EQUIPMENT_TYPE_MEASUREMENT_ID |Equipment Type Measurement ID |integer |
|R_EQUIPMENT_MEASUREMENT_ID:is the primary key of this table, which is
automatic generated by PDM application.

|R_EQUIPMENT_TYPE_ID |Equipment Type ID |integer
|link:reference-data/#r_equipment_type[R EQUIPMENT TYPE]
|EQUIPMENT TYPE IDENTIFIER: Number uniquely identifying the equipment
TYPE.

|EQUIPMENT_TYPE |Equipment Type |character varying(40)
|link:reference-data/#r_equipment_type[R EQUIPMENT TYPE]
|EQUIPMENT TYPE: Describe the kinds of equipment.

|R_EQUIPMENT_MEASUREMENT_ID |Equipment Measurement ID |integer
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_equipment_measurement[R
EQUIPMENT MEASUREMENT] |R_EQUIPMENT_MEASUREMENT_ID:is the primary key of
this table, which is automatic generated by PDM application.

|EQUIPMENT_MEASUREMENT |Equipment Measurement |character varying(50)
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_equipment_measurement[R
EQUIPMENT MEASUREMENT] |EQUIPMENT MEASUREMENT, is the tag name from OPC
server or PDM connector. It is unique constraint of this table.

|IS_REALTIME_VARIABLE |Is Realtime Variable |boolean |
|IS_REALTIME_VARIABLE: A Y/N flag indicating whether this row of data is
currently enable referenced by realtime.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean | |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y/N flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active / valid
(TRUE) or inactive / invalid (FALSE).

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp | |ROW CHANGED BY:
Application login id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Created By |character varying(30) | |ROW CHANGED DATE:
System date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Changed Date |timestamp | |ROW CREATED BY: System user
who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Changed By |character varying(30) | |ROW CREATED
DATE: Date that the row was created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image::equipment_type_measurement.png[title="Equipment Type Measurement"]

=== Equipment Type Specification

*Table Name: equipment_type_specification*

EQUIPMENT TYPE SPECIFICATION: This table is used to clarify what
specifications are associated with which equipment.

[width="100%",cols="13%,17%,6%,32%,32%",options="header",]
|===
|Column Name |Display Name |Data Type |Ref_Table |Description
|EQUIPMENT_TYPE_SPEC_ID |Equipment Type Specification ID |int |
|R_EQUIPMENT_SPECIFICATION_ID:is the primary key of this table, which is
automatic generated by PDM application.

|R_EQUIPMENT_TYPE_ID |Equipment Type ID |int
|link:reference-data/#r_equipment_type[R EQUIPMENT TYPE]
|EQUIPMENT TYPE IDENTIFIER: Number uniquely identifying the equipment
TYPE.

|EQUIPMENT_TYPE |Equipment Type |varchar(40)
|link:reference-data/#r_equipment_type[R EQUIPMENT TYPE]
|EQUIPMENT TYPE: Describe the kinds of equipment.

|R_EQUIPMENT_SPEC_ID |Equipment Specification ID |int | |EQUIPMENT
SPECIFICATION IDENTIFIER: Number uniquely identifying the equipment
specification.

|EQUIPMENT_SPEC |Equipment Specification |varchar(100) | |EQUIPMENT
SPECIFICATION: Describe the specifications measured for equipment.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |bit | |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y/N flag indicating
whether this row of data is currently either active / valid (TRUE) or
inactive / invalid (FALSE).

|REMARK |Remark |varchar(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks about this
row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |varchar(30) | |System user who created this
row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |datetime | |Date that the row was
created on.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |datetime | |System date of the last
time the row was changed.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |varchar(30) | |Application login id of the
user who last changed the row.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image::equipment_type_specification.png[image]

=== Equipment Subtype Specification

*Table Name: equipment_subtype_pecification*

EQUIPMENT SUBTYPE SPECIFICATION: This table is used to clarify what
specifications are associated with which sub type equipment.

[width="100%",cols="19%,24%,9%,6%,42%",options="header",]
|===
|Column Name |Display Name |Data Type |Ref_Table |Description
|EQUIPMENT_SUBTYPE_SPEC_ID |Equipment Subtype Specification ID |int |
|EQUIPMENT SUB TYPE SPECIFICATION ID:is the primary key of this table,
which is automatic generated by PDM application.

|R_EQUIPMENT_SUB_TYPE_ID |Equipment Subtype ID |int | |EQUIPMENT SUB
TYPE IDENTIFIER: Number uniquely identifying the equipment sub type.

|EQUIPMENT_SUB_TYPE |Equipment Subtype |varchar(40) | |EQUIPMENT SUB
TYPE: Describe the kinds of equipment.

|R_EQUIPMENT_SPEC_ID |Equipment Specification ID |int | |EQUIPMENT
SPECIFICATION IDENTIFIER: Number uniquely identifying the equipment
specification.

|EQUIPMENT_SPEC |Equipment Specification |varchar(100) | |EQUIPMENT
SPECIFICATION: Describe the specifications measured for equipment.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |bit | |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y/N flag indicating
whether this row of data is currently either active / valid (TRUE) or
inactive / invalid (FALSE).

|REMARK |Remark |varchar(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks about this
row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |varchar(30) | |System user who created this
row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |datetime | |Date that the row was
created on.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |datetime | |System date of the last
time the row was changed.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |varchar(30) | |Application login id of the
user who last changed the row.
|===

=== Equipment Measurement Tags

*Table Name: equipment_measurement_tags*

EQUIPMENT MEASUREMENT TAGS: This table is used to clarify which tag is
associated with which equipment measurement.

[width="100%",cols="17%,14%,11%,29%,29%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Ref_Table* |*Description*
|EQUIPMENT_MEASUREMENT_TAGS_ID |Equipment Measurement Tags ID |integer |
|EQUIPMENT_MEASUREMENT_TAGS_ID:is the primary key of this table, which
is automatic generated by PDM application.

|EQUIPMENT_ID |Equipment ID |integer |link:#equipment[EQUIPMENT]
|EQUIPMENT IDENTIFIER: Unique identifier for the list of the equipment.

|EQUIPMENT_NAME |Equipment Name |character varying(40)
|link:#equipment[EQUIPMENT] |EQUIPMENT NAME: For specific types of
equipment that are assigned names, such as rigs. This column should not
be used to identify the type of equipment this is.

|R_EQUIPMENT_MEASUREMENT_ID |Equipment Measurement ID |integer
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_equipment_measurement[R
EQUIPMENT MEASUREMENT] |R_EQUIPMENT_MEASUREMENT_ID:is the primary key of
this table, which is automatic generated by PDM application.

|EQUIPMENT_MEASUREMENT |Equipment Measurement |character varying(50)
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_equipment_measurement[R
EQUIPMENT MEASUREMENT] |EQUIPMENT MEASUREMENT, is the tag name from OPC
server or PDM connector. It is unique constraint of this table.

|TAGS_INFO_ID |Tags Info ID |integer |link:#tags-information[TAGS INFO]
|TAGS INFO ID : Record a unique tag related to sensor.

|TAGS_ID |Tags ID |character varying(50) |link:#tags-information[TAGS
INFO] |TAGS ID : Orininal ID related to sensor.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean | |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y/N flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active / valid
(TRUE) or inactive / invalid (FALSE).

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Created By |character varying(30) | |ROW CHANGED BY:
Application login id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp | |ROW CHANGED DATE: System
date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Changed Date |timestamp | |ROW CREATED BY: System user
who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Changed By |character varying(30) | |ROW CREATED
DATE: Date that the row was created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/equipment_measurement_tags.png[Equipment Measurement
Tags]　

=== Facility

*Table Name: facility*

FACILITY: A collection of surface equipment and meters which facilitate
the production, injection or disposition of products. This equipment
supports any operation in the processing, development and transportation
of products, such as pipeline, tank, battery, etc.

[width="99%",cols="14%,12%,12%,31%,31%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Ref_Table* |*Description*
|FACILITY_ID |Facility ID |integer | |FACILITY ID: Number or code
uniquely identifying the Facility.

|FACILITY_NAME |Facility Name |character varying(40) | |FACILITY NAME:
Name assigned to the facility. This may be the legal or registered name
as it appears on a permit or a given name assigned by the operator.

|FACILITY_TYPE_ID |Facility Type ID |integer
|link:reference-data/#r_facility_type[R FACILITY TYPE]
|FACILITY TYPE ID: The identifier of the facility type.

|FACILITY_TYPE |Facility Type |character varying(40)
|link:reference-data/#r_facility_type[R FACILITY TYPE]
|FACILITY TYPE: The type of facility that is described in this row of
data, such as pipeline, tank, battery etc. Please note that
FACILITY_TYPE will eventually become a SUBTYPE and downsized to 30
characters.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean | |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y or N flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active/valid
(TRUE) or inactive/invalid (FALSE).

|CONSTRUCTED_DATE |Constructed Date |timestamp | |CONSTRUCTED DATE: The
date that the facility construction was completed.

|ACTIVE_DATE |Active Date |timestamp | |ACTIVE DATE: The date that the
facility became active.

|ABANDONED_DATE |Abandoned Date |timestamp | |ABANDONED DATE: the date
that this facility was abandoned.

|OFFSHORE_IND |Is Offshore |boolean | |OFFSHORE INDICATOR: A Y or N flag
indicating whether thie facility is offshore facility or not.

|R_EQUIPMENT_CATALOGUE_ID |Equipment Catalogue ID |integer
|link:reference-data/#r_equipment_catalogue[R_EQUIPMENT_CATALOGUE]
|EQUIPMENT CATALOGUE IDENTIFIER: Number uniquely identifying the
equipment catalogue.

|EQUIPMENT_CATALOGUE |Equipment Catalogue |character varying(40)
|link:reference-data/#r_equipment_catalogue[R_EQUIPMENT_CATALOGUE]
|EQUIPMENT CATALOGUE: Describe the kinds of equipment.

|X_COORDINATE |Surface X Coordinate |numeric(18,9) | |SURFACE X/Y
COORDINATE, which can hold a geographical latitude/longitude or
projected X/Y depending on the value of CRS, which can be either a
projected CRS or geographical datum.

|Y_COORDINATE |Surface Y Coordinate |numeric(18,9) | |SURFACE X/Y
COORDINATE,, which can hold a geographical latitude/longitude or
projected X/Y depending on the value of CRS, which can be either a
projected CRS or geographical datum.

|CRS_ID |CRS ID |integer
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#carto-reference-system[Carto
Reference System] |COORDINATE REFERENCE SYSTEM ID: the identifier of
coordinate reference system.

|CRS_NAME |CRS Name |character varying(50)
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#carto-reference-system[Carto
Reference System] |COORDINATE REFERENCE SYSTEM: coordinate-based local,
regional or global system used to locate geographical entities.

|CURRENT_OPE RATOR |Current Operator |character varying(40) | |CURRENT
OPERATOR: The current operator of the facility, can be a person, company
or organization.

|DEPTH |Depth |numeric(18,9) | |FACILITY DEPTH: The depth of this
facility.

|ELEVATION |Elevation |numeric(18,9) | |FACILITY ELEVATION: The
elevation of this facility.

|FACILITY_DIAMETER |Facility Diameter |numeric(18,9) | |FACILITY
DIAMETER: the diameter of a facility, such as a pipeline or a tank.

|FACILITY_FUNCTION |Facility Function |character varying(40) | |FACILITY
FUNCTION: A list of valid functions that are satisfied by a facility,
such as measurement, transportation, processing, storage, separation
etc.

|FACILITY_NO |Facility Number |numeric(12,0) | |FACILITY NUMBER: the
numeric value or code assigned to a piece of equipment. Often this will
correspond to the equipment tag number assigned in the production
accounting system

|FACILITY_SHO RT_NAME |Facility Short Name |character varying(100) |
|FACILITY SHORT NAME: Common short name used for the facility.

|FACILITY_LON G_NAME |Facility Long Name |character varying(255) |
|FACILITY LONG NAME: Common long name used for the facility.

|FIELD_ID |Field ID |integer |link:#field[FIELD] |FIELD IDENTIFIER: The
unique internal identifier for a FIELD entity.

|FIELD_NAME |Field Name |character varying(100) |link:#field[FIELD]
|FIELD NAME: The name of the FIELD. Must be unique among all FIELDS in
the system.

|LAST_INJECTIO N_DATE |Last Injection Date |timestamp | |LAST INJECTION
DATE: The date that injection volumes were last reported for this
entity.

|LAST_PRODUC TION_DATE |Last Production Data |timestamp | |LAST
PRODUCTION DATE: The date that production was last reported for this
entity.

|LAST_REPORT ED_DATE |Last Reported Date |timestamp | |LAST REPORTED
DATE: The date that a production report was last submitted for this
entity.

|ON_INJECTION_DATE |On Injection Date |timestamp | |ON INJECTION DATE:
The date that injection was first reported for this entity.

|ON_PRODUCTI ON_DATE |On Production Date |timestamp | |ON PRODUCTION
DATE: The date that production was first reported for this entity.

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(40) | |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGE D_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp | |ROW CHANGED DATE: System
date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(40) | |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATE D_DATE |Created Date |timestamp | |ROW CREATED DATE: Date
that the row was created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image::facility.png[title="facility"]

=== Facility ORG Unit

*Table Name: facility_org_unit*

FACILITY ORG UNIT: This table is used to record the facility historical
relationship with org units.

[width="100%",cols="15%,13%,18%,14%,40%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Ref_Table* |*Description*
|FACILITY_ORG_UNIT_ID |Facility ORG Unit ID |INTEGER | |FACILITY ORG
UNIT ID: The identifier to as the primary key for this row.

|FACILITY_ID |Facility ID |INTEGER |link:#facility[FACILITY] |WELL ID:
The identifier of the facility.

|ORG_UNIT_ID |ORG Unit ID |INTEGER |link:#org-unit[ORG_UNIT] |ORG UNIT
ID: The identifier of the org unit that this row of facility belongs to

|EFFECTIVE_DATE |Effective Date |TIMESTAMP WITHOUT TIME ZONE |
|EFFECTIVE DATE: The date that the data in this row first came into
effect.

|EXPIRY_DATE |Expiry Date |TIMESTAMP WITHOUT TIME ZONE | |EXPIRY DATE:
The date that the data in this row was no longer active or in effect.

|REMOVE_DATE |Remove Date |timestamp | |REMOVED DATE: The date this
piece of equipment was removed from a logical facility location.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean | |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y/N flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active / valid
(TRUE) or inactive / invalid (FALSE).

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) | |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp | |ROW CHANGED DATE: System
date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) | |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp | |ROW CREATED DATE: Date
that the row was created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image::facility_org_unit.png[title="Facility Org Unit"]

=== Facility Equipment

*Table Name: facility_equipment*

FACILITY EQUIPMENT: Generally, a facility is usually considered to be an
object that exists somewhere on the earth (or under or over). In most
systems, these facilities are given identifiers that indicate a PLACE on
a network, and not a specific piece of equipment. This table can be used
to keep track of which equipment is occupying that facility place at a
given time. A single facility can thus be associated with many physical
pieces of equipment over its life span.

[width="99%",cols="15%,12%,14%,22%,37%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Ref_Table* |*Description*
|FACILITY_EQUI PMENT_ID |Facility Equipment ID |integer | |FACILITY
EQUIPMENT IDENTIFIER: The identifier of this row of data.

|FACILITY_ID |Facility ID |integer |link:#facility[FACILITY] |FACILITY
ID: Number or code uniquely identifying the Facility.

|FACILITY_NAME |Facility Name |character varying(40)
|link:#facility[FACILITY] |FACILITY NAME: Name assigned to the facility.
This may be the legal or registered name as it appears on a permit or a
given name assigned by the operator.

|EQUIPMENT_ID |Equipment ID |integer
|link:master-data/#equipment[EQUIPMENT] |EQUIPMENT IDENTIFIER: Unique
identifier for the list of the equipment.

|EQUIPMENT_NAME |Equipment Name |character varying(40)
|link:master-data/#equipment[EQUIPMENT] |EQUIPMENT NAME: Name assigned
to the equipment, such as rigs. This column should not be used to
identify the type of equipment this is.

|INSTALL_DATE |Install Date |timestamp | |INSTALLED DATE: The date that
this piece of equipment was installed in a logical facility location.

|REMOVE_DATE |Remove Date |timestamp | |REMOVED DATE: The date this
piece of equipment was removed from a logical facility location.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean | |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y/N flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active / valid
(TRUE) or inactive / invalid (FALSE).

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) | |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp | |ROW CHANGED DATE: System
date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) | |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp | |ROW CREATED DATE: Date
that the row was created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image::facility_equipment.png[title="facility equipment"]

=== Field

*Table Name: field*

FIELD: A geographical area defined for administrative and legal
purposes. The field name refers to the surface area, although at times
it may refer to both the surface and the underground productive zones.
In the United States a field is often an area consisting of a single
reservoir or multiple reservoirs all grouped on, or related to, the same
individual geological structural feature and/or stratigraphic condition.
Fields are usually defined at a province/state level but possibly are
done at the district level.

[width="100%",cols="13%,9%,12%,33%,33%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Ref_Table* |*Description*
|FIELD_ID |Field ID |integer | |FIELD ID: Unique internal identifier for
a FIELD object

|FIELD_NAME |Field Name |character varying(100) | |FIELD NAME: The name
of the FIELD. Must be unique among all FIELDS in the system.

|FIELD_TYPE_NAME |Field Type |character varying(50)
|link:reference-data/#r_field_type[R_FIELD_TYPE] |FIELD
TYPE NAME: Contains the type of this FIELD whose list is in FIELD _TYPE.

|FIELD_ABBREVIATION |Abbreviation |character varying(20) | |FIELD
ABBREVIATION: The abbreviation of the field.

|X_COORDINATE |X |numeric(18,9) | |X COORDICNATE: X location of the
field, which can hold a geographical longitude or projected X depending
on the value of CRS

|Y_COORDINATE |Y |numeric(18,9) | |Y COORDINATE: Y Location of the
field, which can hold a geographical latitude or projected Y depending
on the value of CRS.

|CRS_ID |CRS ID |integer
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#carto-reference-system[Carto
Reference System] |COORDINATE REFERENCE SYSTEM ID: the identifier of
coordinate reference system.

|CRS_NAME |CRS Name |character varying(50)
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#carto-reference-system[Carto
Reference System] |COORDINATE REFERENCE SYSTEM: coordinate-based local,
regional or global system used to locate geographical entities.

|REMARKS |Remarks |character varying(2000) | |Contains the remarks for
this FIELD.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean | |Indicates if this FIELD is active or
valid.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) | |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp | |ROW CHANGED DATE: System
date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) | |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp | |ROW CREATED DATE: Date
that the row was created on.

|SOURCE_NAME |Source |character varying(40) | |SOURCE NAME: The
individual, company, state, or government agency designated as the
source of information for this row.

|R_FIELD_TYPE_ID |Field Type |integer
|link:reference-data/#r_field_type[R_FIELD_TYPE] |FIELD
TYPE ID: The identifier of the field type.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image::field.png[title="field"]

=== Field Component

*Table Name: field_component*

FIELD COMPONENT: This table is used to capture the relationships between
fields and business objects, such as wells, equipment, documents,
seismic sets and contracts.

[width="100%",cols="18%,17%,9%,11%,45%",options="header",]
|===
|Column Name |Display Name |Data Type |Ref_Table |Description
|FIELD_COMPONENT_ID |Field Component ID |int | |An auto generated
database id for field component

|FIELD_ID |Field ID |int |link:#field[FIELD] |FIELD IDENTIFIER: Unique
identifier for the field.

|SPATIAL_DESCRIPTION |Spatial Description |varchar(40) | |SPATIAL
DESCRIPTION: The surface and sub-surface description of any object that
occupies an area, such as a land right, field, facility or area of
interest. The surface description may be stated in terms of a legal
survey system, metes and bounds or polygon. The mineral zone description
describes the minerals (substances) and subsurface definition
(zones/formations) that are included in the definition. For land rights,
continuations may be described by generating a new Spatial description.

|COMPONENT_OBS_NO |Component OBS No |int | |COMPONENT OBSERVATION
NUMBER: A unique number identifying the object that is associated with a
field.

|SPATIAL_DESCRIPTION_ID |Spatial Description ID |int | |An auto
generated database id for spatial description

|REMARKS |Remarks |varchar(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks about this
row of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |bit | |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A True/False flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active / valid
(True) or inactive / invalid (False).

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Row Created By |varchar(30) | |Application login id of
the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Row Created Date |datetime | |System date of the last
time the row was changed.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Row Changed Date |datetime | |System user who created
this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Row Changed By |varchar(30) | |Date that the row was
created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image::field_component.png[title="field component"]

=== Field ORG Unit

*Table Name: field_org_unit*

FIELD ORG UNIT: This table is used to record the field historical
relationship with org units.

[width="100%",cols="14%,11%,19%,14%,42%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Ref_Table* |*Description*
|FIELD_ORG_UNIT_ID |Field ORG Unit ID |INTEGER | |FIELD ORG UNIT ID: The
identifier to as the primary key for this row.

|FIELD_ID |Facility ID |INTEGER |link:#field[Field] |FIELD ID: The
identifier of the FIELD.

|ORG_UNIT_ID |ORG Unit ID |INTEGER |link:#org-unit[ORG_UNIT] |ORG UNIT
ID: The identifier of the org unit that this row of facility belongs to

|EFFECTIVE_DATE |Effective Date |TIMESTAMP WITHOUT TIME ZONE |
|EFFECTIVE DATE: The date that the data in this row first came into
effect.

|EXPIRY_DATE |Expiry Date |TIMESTAMP WITHOUT TIME ZONE | |EXPIRY DATE:
The date that the data in this row was no longer active or in effect.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean | |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y/N flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active / valid
(TRUE) or inactive / invalid (FALSE).

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) | |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp | |ROW CHANGED DATE: System
date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) | |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp | |ROW CREATED DATE: Date
that the row was created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image::field_org_unit.png[title="field org unit"]

=== *Formation*

*Table name: formation*

FORMATION: Represents a specific layer of reservoir rock through which
fluids flow from a reservoir into a string of production tubing. This
table can be used to prorate production from a production string back to
individual formations.

[width="100%",cols="15%,12%,20%,53%",options="header",]
|===
|Column Name |Display Name |Data Type |Description
|FORMATION_ID |Formation ID |integer |FORMATION ID: The identifier to as
the primary key for this row.

|FORMATION_NAME |Formation Name |character varying(50) |FORMATION NAME:
Full name of the formation.

|LONG_NAME |Long Name |character varying(255) |LONG NAME: The commonly
used long name of the formation.

|SHORT_NAME |Short Name |character varying(100) |SHORT NAME: The
commonly used short name of the formation.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y/N flag indicating
whether this row of data is currently either active / valid (Y) or
inactive / invalid (N).

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) |ROW CHANGED BY:
Application login id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp |ROW CHANGED DATE: System
date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp |ROW CREATED DATE: Date that
the row was created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image::formation.png[title="formation"]

=== Hierarchy

*Table Name: hierarchy*

HIERARCHY: This table record hierarchy name defined for a specific
hierarchy .

[width="100%",cols="14%,11%,18%,10%,47%",options="header",]
|===
|Column Name |Display Name |Data Type |*Ref_Table* |Description
|HIERARCHY_ID |Hierarchy ID |INTEGER | |HIERARCHY ID: The identifier to
as the primary key for this row.

|HIERARCHY_NAME |Hierarchy Name |CHARACTER VARYING | |HIERARCHY NAME:
The name of each hierarchy instance

|TENANT_ID |Tenant ID |CHARACTER VARYING | |TENANT ID: The hierarchy
belongs or be used for which tenant.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |Boolean | |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y/N flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active / valid
(Y) or inactive / invalid (N).

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) | |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp | |System date of the last
time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) | |System user who
created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp | |Date that the row was
created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image::hierarchy.png[title="hierarchy"]

=== Hierarchy Desc

*Table Name: hierarchy_desc*

HIERARCHY DESC: This table defines specific levels of a hierarchy. For
example, a hierarchy may use countries, provinces. This table does not
describe a specific instance of a hierarchy but what level type is used.

[width="100%",cols="14%,11%,17%,29%,29%",options="header",]
|===
|Column Name |Display Name |Data Type |*Ref_Table* |Description
|HIERARCHY_ID |Hierarchy ID |INTEGER | |HIERARCHY ID: The identifier to
as the primary key for this row.

|HIERARCHY_NAME |Hierarchy Name |CHARACTER VARYING
|link:#hierarchy[HIERARCHY] |HIERARCHY NAME: The name of each hierarchy
instance

|R_ORG_UNIT_TYPE_ID |Tenant ID |CHARACTER VARYING
|link:reference-data/#r_org_unit_type[R ORG UNIT TYPE]
|R ORG UNIT TYPE ID: The org unit type of this row of hierarchy level

|PARENT_HIERARCHY_DESC_ID |Parent Hierarchy Desc ID |INTEGER
|link:#hierarchy-desc[HIERARCHY_DESC] |PARENT HIERARCHY DESC ID: The
parent hierarchy level id of this row of hierarchy level.

|EFFECTIVE_DATE |Effective Date |INTEGER | |EFFECTIVE DATE: The date
that the data in this row first came into effect.

|EXPIRY_DATE |Expiry Date |TIMESTAMP WITHOUT TIME ZONE | |EXPIRY DATE:
The date that the data in this row was no longer active or in effect.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |TIMESTAMP WITHOUT TIME ZONE Boolean | |ACTIVE
INDICATOR: A Y/N flag indicating whether this row of data is currently
either active / valid (Y) or inactive / invalid (N).

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) | |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp | |System date of the last
time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) | |System user who
created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp | |Date that the row was
created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image::/hierarchy_desc.png[title="hierarchy desc"]

=== Hierarchy Level

*Table Name: hierarchy_level*

HIERARCHY LEVEL: This table places specific instances at a specific
level of a hierarchy. Note that more than one object may exist at any
given level.

[width="100%",cols="16%,13%,19%,18%,34%",options="header",]
|===
|Column Name |Display Name |Data Type |*Ref_Table* |Description
|HIERARCHY_LEVEL_ID |Hierarchy Level ID |INTEGER | |HIERARCHY LEVEL ID:
The identifier to as the primary key for this row.

|HIERARCHY_DESC_ID |Hierarchy Desc ID |INTEGER
|link:#hierarchy%20desc[HIERARCHY_DESC] |HIERARCHY DESC ID:
HIERARCHY_DESC Table ID.

|ORG_UNIT_ID |ORG Unit ID |INTEGER |link:#org-unit[ORG_UNIT] |ORG UNIT
ID: The identifier of which org unit is assigned to this row of
hierarchy level.

|PARENT_HIERARCHY_DESC_ID |Parent Hierarchy Desc ID |INTEGER
|link:#hierarchy%20desc[HIERARCHY_DESC] |PARENT HIERARCHY DESC ID: The
parent hierarchy level id of this row of hierarchy level.

|EFFECTIVE_DATE |Effective Date |INTEGER | |EFFECTIVE DATE: The date
that the data in this row first came into effect.

|EXPIRY_DATE |Expiry Date |TIMESTAMP WITHOUT TIME ZONE | |EXPIRY DATE:
The date that the data in this row was no longer active or in effect.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |TIMESTAMP WITHOUT TIME ZONE Boolean | |ACTIVE
INDICATOR: A Y/N flag indicating whether this row of data is currently
either active / valid (Y) or inactive / invalid (N).

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) | |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp | |System date of the last
time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) | |System user who
created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp | |Date that the row was
created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/hierarchy_level.png[image]

=== Hierarchy Template

*Table Name: hierarchy_template*

HIERARCHY TEMPLATE: This table is used to record hierarchy structure
name used for assign hierarchy.

[width="100%",cols="18%,14%,22%,8%,38%",options="header",]
|===
|Column Name |Display Name |Data Type |*Ref_Table* |Description
|HIERARCHY_TEMPLATE_ID |Hierarchy Template ID |INTEGER | |HIERARCHY
TEMPLATE _ID: The identifier to as the primary key for this row.

|HIERARCHY_TEMPLATE_NAME |Hierarchy Template Name |CHARACTER VARYING |
|HIERARCHY TEMPLATE NAME: The hierarchy name defined for a specific
hierarchy template.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |TIMESTAMP WITHOUT TIME ZONE Boolean | |ACTIVE
INDICATOR: A Y/N flag indicating whether this row of data is currently
either active / valid (Y) or inactive / invalid (N).

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) | |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp | |System date of the last
time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) | |System user who
created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp | |Date that the row was
created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/hierarchy_template.png[image]

=== Hierarchy Template Desc

*Table Name: hierarchy_template_desc*

HIERARCHY TEMPLATE DESC: This table defines specific levels of a
hierarchy template. For example, a hierarchy may use countries,
provinces. This table does not describe a specific instance of a
hierarchy but will be used as a template for creating new valid
hierarchies.

[width="100%",cols="17%,14%,15%,27%,27%",options="header",]
|===
|Column Name |Display Name |Data Type |*Ref_Table* |Description
|HIERARCHY_TEMPLATE_DESC_ID |Hierarchy Template Desc ID |INTEGER |
|Primary Key

|HIERARCHY_TEMPLATE_ID |Hierarchy Template ID |INTEGER
|link:#hierarchy-template[HIERARCHY_TEMPLATE] |HIERARCHY TEMPLATE ID:
The identifier of the template.

|R_ORG_UNIT_TYPE_ID |R ORG Unit Type ID |INTEGER
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_org_unit_type[R_ORG_UNIT_TYPE]
|R ORG UNIT TYPE ID: The identifier of the org unit type for this level
of hierarchy template.

|PARENT_HIERARCHY_TEMPLATE_DESC_ID |Parent Hierarchy Template Desc ID
|INTEGER |link:#hierarchy-desc[HIERARCHY_TEMPLATE_DESC] |PARENT
HIERARCHY TEMPLATE DESC ID: The identifier of its parent hierarchy level
for this row of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |TIMESTAMP WITHOUT TIME ZONE Boolean | |ACTIVE
INDICATOR: A Y/N flag indicating whether this row of data is currently
either active / valid (Y) or inactive / invalid (N).

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) | |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp | |System date of the last
time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) | |System user who
created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp | |Date that the row was
created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/hierarchy_template_desc.png[image]

=== Model

*Table Name: model*

MODEL: The non-contextual content of a product flow model data object.
Model is a collection of networks.

[width="100%",cols="10%,7%,29%,22%,32%",options="header",]
|===
|Column Name |Display Name |Data Type |*Ref_Table* |Description
|MODEL_ID |Model ID |INTEGER | |Primary Key

|EXISTENCE_TIME |Existence Time |INTEGER INTEGER |R_ENDPOINT_QUALIFIER
|EXISTENCE TIME: The time for which currently existing data is desired
from the network. All connections (and related data) existing at this
time (i.e., start and end bracket this value) will be returned if
requested. The existence time is a server query parameter.

|INSTALLATION |Installation |INTEGER INTEGER
|link:#reporting-facility[REPORTING_FACILITY] |INSTALLATION: The name of
the facility that is represented by this model. The name can be
qualified by a naming system. This also defines the kind of facility.

|EXPIRY_DATE |Expiry Date |TIMESTAMP WITHOUT TIME ZONE INTEGER | |D TIM
END: The date and time of the termination of validity for this model.

|EFFECTIVE_DATE |Effective Date |TIMESTAMP WITHOUT TIME ZONE TIMESTAMP
WITHOUT TIME ZONE | |D TIM START: The date and time of the start of
validity for this model.

|D_TIM_MIN |D Tim Min |TIMESTAMP TIMESTAMP WITHOUT TIME ZONE | |D TIM
MIN: The minimum time index contained within the report. The minimum and
maximum indexes are server query parameters and will be populated with
valid values in a get result.

|D_TIM_MAX |D Tim Max |TIMESTAMP TIMESTAMP | |D TIM MAX: The maximum
time index contained within the report. The minimum and maximum indexes
are server query parameters and will be populated with valid values in a
get result.

|COMMENT |Comment |CHARACTER VARYING TIMESTAMP | |COMMENT:A descriptive
remark about the model.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |TIMESTAMP WITHOUT TIME ZONE Boolean | |ACTIVE
INDICATOR: A Y/N flag indicating whether this row of data is currently
either active / valid (Y) or inactive / invalid (N).

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) | |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp | |System date of the last
time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) | |System user who
created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp | |Date that the row was
created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/model.png[image]

=== Model Context Facility

*Table Name: model_context_facility*

MODEL CONTEXT FACILITY: Identifies the context facilities of the model.

[width="100%",cols="16%,13%,18%,21%,32%",options="header",]
|===
|Column Name |Display Name |Data Type |*Ref_Table* |Description
|MODEL_CONTEXT_FACILITY_ID |Model Context Facility ID |INTEGER |
|Primary Key

|MODEL_ID |Model ID |INTEGER |link:#model[MODEL] |MODEL ID: Foreign key
against Model

|CONTEXT_FACILITY_ID |Context Facility ID |INTEGER
|link:#reporting-facility[REPORTING_FACILITY] |REPORTING FACILITY ID:
the foreign key against reporting facility and which is the context
facility of this model.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |TIMESTAMP WITHOUT TIME ZONE Boolean | |ACTIVE
INDICATOR: A Y/N flag indicating whether this row of data is currently
either active / valid (Y) or inactive / invalid (N).

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) | |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp | |System date of the last
time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) | |System user who
created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp | |Date that the row was
created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/model_context_facility.png[image]

=== Model External Connect

*Table Name: model_external_connect*

MODEL EXTERNAL CONNECT: Defines the external port in another Product
Flow Model to which an external port in this model is connected. An
external port should be connected to an external port with the opposite
direction. The connected external port must be in another Product Flow
Model.

[width="100%",cols="15%,13%,18%,22%,32%",options="header",]
|===
|Column Name |Display Name |Data Type |*Ref_Table* |Description
|MODEL_EXTERNAL_CONNECT_ID |Model External Connect ID |INTEGER |
|Primary Key

|MODEL_ID |Model ID |INTEGER |link:#model[MODEL] |MODEL ID: Foreign key
against Model

|CONNECTED_INSTALLATION |Connected Installation |INTEGER
|link:#reporting-facility[REPORTING_FACILITY] |CONNECTED INSTALLATION:
Foreign key against REPORTING FACILITY

|PORT_ID |Port ID |INTEGER |link:#port[PORT] |PORT REFERENCE: Reference
to a type of port.

|CONNECTED_PORT_ID |Connected Port ID |INTEGER |link:#port[PORT]
|CONNECTED PORT REFERENCE: Reference to the connected port.

|CONNECTED_MODEL_ID |Connected Model ID |INTEGER |link:#model[MODEL]
|CONNECTED MODEL REFERENCE: Reference to the connected model.

|UID |UID |CHARACTER VARYING | |UID: A unique identifier for this data
element. It is not globally unique (not a uuid) and only need be unique
within the context of the parent top-level object.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |TIMESTAMP WITHOUT TIME ZONE Boolean | |ACTIVE
INDICATOR: A Y/N flag indicating whether this row of data is currently
either active / valid (Y) or inactive / invalid (N).

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) | |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp | |System date of the last
time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) | |System user who
created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp | |Date that the row was
created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/model_external_connect.png[image]

=== Network

*Table Name: network*

NETWORK: The non-contextual content of a product flow network object.The
network represents the internal behavior of the model or a unit in
another network and is a collection of connected units.

[width="100%",cols="14%,11%,23%,12%,40%",options="header",]
|===
|Column Name |Display Name |Data Type |*Ref_Table* |Description
|NETWORK_ID |Network ID |INTEGER | |Primary Key

|MODEL_ID |Model ID |INTEGER |link:#model[MODEL] |MODEL ID: Foreign key
against Model

|NAME |Name |CHARACTER VARYING | |NAME: The name of the product flow
network. This must be unique within the context of the overall product
flow model.

|NETWORK_PLAN_NAME |Network Plan Name |CHARACTER VARYING | |PLAN
NAME:The name of a network plan. This indicates a planned network. All
child network components must all be planned and be part of the same
plan. The parent network must either contain the plan (i.e., be an
actual) or be part of the same plan. Not specified indicates an actual
network.

|PARENT_NETWORK_ID |Parent Network ID |INTEGER |link:#network[NETWORK]
|PARENT NETWORK REFERENCE:A pointer to the network containing the unit
that this network represents. That is, the unit must exist in a
different network. If a parent network is not specified then the network
represents the model. A model should only be represented by one network.
The model network represents the overall installation. All other
networks represent internal detail and should not be referenced from
outside the model. The external ports on the model network represent the
external ports to the overall product flow model. A pointer to an
external port on the product flow model does not require the name of the
model network because it is redundant to knowledge of the model name
(i.e., there is a one-to-one correspondence).

|COMMENT |Comment |CHARACTER VARYING | |COMMENT: A descriptive remark
about the network.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |TIMESTAMP WITHOUT TIME ZONE Boolean | |ACTIVE
INDICATOR: A Y/N flag indicating whether this row of data is currently
either active / valid (Y) or inactive / invalid (N).

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) | |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp | |System date of the last
time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) | |System user who
created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp | |Date that the row was
created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/network.png[image]

=== Network Change Log

*Table Name: network_change_log*

NETWORK CHANGE LOG: Documents the point in time where network changes
were made.

[width="100%",cols="15%,13%,22%,12%,38%",options="header",]
|===
|Column Name |Display Name |Data Type |*Ref_Table* |Description
|NETWORK_CHANGE_LOG_ID |Network Change Log ID |INTEGER | |Primary Key

|NETWORK_ID |Network ID |INTEGER |link:#network[NETWORK] |Foreign key
against NETWORKtable

|NAME |Name |CHARACTER VARYING | |NAME: A name assigned to the change.

|PROPERTY |Property |CHARACTER VARYING | |PROPERTY: The expected kind of
facility property. Each property is documented to have values of a
particular type.

|D_TIM |D Tim |TIMESTAMP WITHOUT TIME ZONE | |D TIM: The timestamp
associated with the change. All changes must use this timestamp.

|REASON |Reason |CHARACTER VARYING | |REASON: A textual reason for the
change.

|UID |UID |CHARACTER VARYING | |UID: A unique identifier for this data
element. It is not globally unique (not a uuid) and only need be unique
within the context of the parent top-level object.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |TIMESTAMP WITHOUT TIME ZONE Boolean | |ACTIVE
INDICATOR: A Y/N flag indicating whether this row of data is currently
either active / valid (Y) or inactive / invalid (N).

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) | |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp | |System date of the last
time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) | |System user who
created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp | |Date that the row was
created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/network_change_log.png[image]

=== Network External Port

*Table Name: network_external_port*

NETWORK EXTERNAL PORT: An external port. This exposes an internal node
for the purpose of allowing connections to the internal behavior of the
network. Networks that represent a Flow Unit should always have external
ports. If this network represents a Unit then the name of the external
port must match the name of a port on the Unit (i.e., they are logically
the same port).

[width="99%",cols="17%,14%,21%,11%,37%",options="header",]
|===
|Column Name |Display Name |Data Type |*Ref_Table* |Description
|NETWORK_EXTERNAL_PORT_ID |Network External Port ID |INTEGER | |Primary
Key

|NETWORK_ID |Network ID |INTEGER |link:#network[NETWORK] |Foreign key
against PRODUCT FLOW NETWORK PLAN table

|PORT_ID |Port ID |INTEGER |link:#port[PORT] |PORT REFERENCE: Reference
to a type of port.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |TIMESTAMP WITHOUT TIME ZONE Boolean | |ACTIVE
INDICATOR: A Y/N flag indicating whether this row of data is currently
either active / valid (Y) or inactive / invalid (N).

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) | |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp | |System date of the last
time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) | |System user who
created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp | |Date that the row was
created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/network_external_port.png[image]

=== Network Plan Change Log

*Table Name: network_plan_change_log*

NETWORK PLAN CHANGE LOG: Documents the point in time where network plan
changes were made.

[width="100%",cols="16%,13%,16%,27%,28%",options="header",]
|===
|Column Name |Display Name |Data Type |*Ref_Table* |Description
|CHANGE_LOG_ID |Change Log ID |INTEGER | |Primary Key

|PRODUCT_FLOW_NETWORK_PLAN_ID |Product Flow Network Plan ID |INTEGER
|link:##product-flow-network-plan[PRODUCT_FLOW_NETWORK_PLAN] |Foreign
key against PRODUCT FLOW NETWORK PLAN table

|NAME |Name |CHARACTER VARYING | |NAME: A name assigned to the change.

|D_TIM |D Tim |TIMESTAMP WITHOUT TIME ZONE | |D TIM: The timestamp
associated with the change. All changes must use this timestamp.

|REASON |Reason |CHARACTER VARYING | |REASON: A textual reason for the
change.

|UID |UID |CHARACTER VARYING | |UID: A unique identifier for this data
element. It is not globally unique (not a uuid) and only need be unique
within the context of the parent top-level object.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |TIMESTAMP WITHOUT TIME ZONE Boolean | |ACTIVE
INDICATOR: A Y/N flag indicating whether this row of data is currently
either active / valid (Y) or inactive / invalid (N).

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) | |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp | |System date of the last
time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) | |System user who
created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp | |Date that the row was
created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/network_plan_change_log.png[image]

=== Tags Information

*Table Name: tags_information*

Tags information table is used to record the tags information assigned
to a sensor.

[width="100%",cols="11%,10%,13%,33%,33%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Ref_Table* |*Description*
|TAGS_INFO_ID |Tags Info ID |integer | |TAGS_INFO_ID: is the primary key
of this table, which is automatic generated by PDM. application.

|TAGS_ID |Tags ID |character varying(50) | |TAGS_ID : Original ID
related to sensor.

|TAG_NAME |Tag Name |character varying(50) | |TAG_NAME, is the tag name
from OPC server or PDM connector. It is unique constraint of this table.

|R_DATA_TYPE_ID |Data Type ID |integer
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_data_type[R DATA TYPE] |DATA
TYPE IDENTIFIER: The identifier of the data type.

|DATA_TYPE |Data Type |character varying(40)
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_data_type[R DATA TYPE] |DATA
TYPE: The data type for this row of specification

|UNIT |Unit |character varying(40) | |UNIT: The unit for this row of
specification.

|DATA_SOURCE |Data Source |character varying(50) | |DATA_SOURCE: Which
data source of the tags ID comes from

|POOLING_FREQUENCY |Pooling Frequency |character varying(50) |
|POOLING_FREQUENCY: Is the data eject frequency from the sensor
installed on well or facility.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean | |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y/N flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active / valid
(TRUE) or inactive / invalid (FALSE).

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(40) | |ROW CHANGED BY:
Application login id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp | |ROW CHANGED DATE: System
date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(40) | |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp | |ROW CREATED DATE: Date
that the row was created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image::../images/Tags%20Information.png[Tags Information]

=== ORG Unit

*Table Name: org_unit*

ORG UNIT: The table is used to record the geographic and organizational
area, such as field, area and business associate.

[width="100%",cols="13%,11%,12%,32%,32%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Ref_Table* |*Description*
|ORG_UNIT_ID |ORG Unit ID |INTEGER | |ORG_UNIT_ID: The identifier to as
the primary key for this row.

|ORG_UNIT_NAME |ORG Unit Name |CHARACTER VARYING | |ORG_UNIT_NAME: The
name information for the org unit.

|R_ORG_UNIT_TYPE_ID |R ORG Unit Type ID |INTEGER
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_org_unit_type[R_ORG_UNIT_TYPE]
|R_ORG_UNIT_TYPE_ID: the identifier of org unit type for this row of
data.

|R_ORG_UNIT_CATEGORY_ID |R ORG Unit Category ID |INTEGER
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_org_unit_category[R_ORG_UNIT_CATEGORY]
|R_ORG_UNIT_CATEGORY_ID: The identifier of org unit category for this
row of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean | |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y/N flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active / valid
(Y) or inactive / invalid (N).

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_ BY |Changed Date |character varying(100) | |Application
login id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANG ED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp | |System date of the last
time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_B Y |Created Date |character varying(100) | |ROW CREATED
BY: System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_D ATE |Source |timestamp | |ROW CREATED DATE: Date that the
row was created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/org_unit.png[image]

=== Pipeline

*Table Name: pipeline*

PIPELINE: A collection of information of pipelines. Oil pipelines are
made from steel or plastic tubes which are usually buried. The oil is
moved through the pipelines by pump stations along the pipeline. Natural
gas (and similar gaseous fuels) are pressurized into liquids know as
Natural Gas Liquids（NGLs).

[width="100%",cols="14%,10%,12%,32%,32%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Ref_Table* |*Description*
|PIPELINE_ID |Pipeline ID |integer | |PIPELINE IDENTIFIER: Number or
code uniquely identifying the Facility.

|PIPELINE_NAME |Pipeline Name |character varying(40) | |PIPELINE NAME:
The name assigned to this pipeline.

|LENGTH |Length |numeric(8,3) | |LENGTH: The length of pipeline.

|IS_VIRTUAL |Is Virtual |boolean | |VIRTUAL INDICATOR: A Y/N flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently virtual (Y) or actual
(N).

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean | |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y/N flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active / valid
(Y) or inactive / invalid (N).

|INSIDE_DIAMETER |Inside Diameter |numeric(8,3) | |INSIDE DIAMETER:
Measurement of the inside diameter size of the pipeline.

|OUTSIDE_DIAMET ER |Outside Diameter |numeric(8,3) | |OUTSIDE DIAMETER:
Measurement of the outside diameter size of the pipeline.

|PIPELINE_GRADE |Pipeline Grade |character varying(40) | |PIPELINE
GRADE: the tensile strength of the tubular material. A system of
classifying the material specifications for steel alloys used in the
manufacture of pipeline.

|WALL_THICKNESS |Wall Thickness |numeric(8,3) | |WALL THICKNESS:
Measurement of the thickness of the pipeline.

|ROUGHNESS |Roughness |numeric(8,3) | |ROUGHNESS: The absolute roughness
of the pipeline.

|R_PIPELINE_TYPE_ ID |Pipeline Type ID |integer
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_pipeline_type[R_PIPELINE_TYPE]
|R PIPELINE TYPE IDENTIFIER: Number or code uniquely identifying the
pipeline type.

|PIPELINE_TYPE |Pipeline Type |character varying(40)
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_pipeline_type[R_PIPELINE_TYPE]
|PIPELINE TYPE: The type assigned to the pipeline.

|R_PIPELINE_MATE RIAL_ID |Pipeline Material ID |integer
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_pipeline_material[R_PIPELINE_MATE
RIAL] |R PIPELINE MATERIAL IDENTIFIER: Number or code uniquely
identifying the pipeline material.

|PIPELINE_MATERI AL |Pipeline Material |character varying(40)
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_pipeline_material[R_PIPELINE_MATE
RIAL] |PIPELINE MATERIAL: The material that a pipeline is constructed
from, such as 24 pound steel, etc.

|FACILITY_ID |Facility ID |integer |link:#facility[FACILITY] |FACILITY
ID: Number or code uniquely identifying the Facility.

|FACILITY_NAME |Facility Name |character varying(40)
|link:#facility[FACILITY] |FACILITY NAME: Name assigned to the facility.
This may be the legal or registered name as it appears on a permit or a
given name assigned by the operator.

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_ BY |Changed Date |character varying(100) | |Application
login id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANG ED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp | |System date of the last
time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_B Y |Created Date |character varying(100) | |ROW CREATED
BY: System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_D ATE |Source |timestamp | |ROW CREATED DATE: Date that the
row was created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/pipeline.png[image]

=== Pipeline Segment

*Table Name: pipeline_segment*

PIPELINE SEGMENT: A collection of information of pipeline segments. A
segment is defined as a section of pipeline within the pipeline system.
A pipeline system is made up of one or more segments of pipeline or a
group of pipelines.

[width="100%",cols="15%,11%,12%,31%,31%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Ref_Table* |*Description*
|PIPELINE_SEGME NT_ID |Pipeline Segment ID |integer | |PIPELINE SEGMENT
IDENTIFIER: An auto generated database id for pipeline segment.

|PIPELINE_ID |Pipeline ID |integer |link:#pipeline[PIPELINE] |PIPELINE
IDENTIFIER: Number or code uniquely identifying the Facility.

|PIPELINE_NAME |Pipeline Name |character varying(40)
|link:#pipeline[PIPELINE] |PIPELINE NAME: The name assigned to this
pipeline.

|SEGMENT_NO |Pipeline NO |integer | |SEGMENT NUMBER: The number assigned
to each segment.

|SEGMENT_LENGT H |Pipeline Length |numeric(18,9) | |SEGMENT LENGTH: The
length of this pipeline segment.

|R_PIPELINE_SEG_ TYPE_ID |Segment Type ID |integer
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_pipeline_segment_type[R_
PIPELINE_SEGMENT TYPE] |R PIPELINE SEGMENT TYPE IDENTIFIER: An auto
generated database id for segment type.

|SEGMENT_TYPE |Segment Type |character varying(40)
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_pipeline_segment_type[R_
PIPELINE_SEGMENT TYPE] |SEGMENT TYPE: The type of the pipe in this
section. The types can be Line Pipe, Choke, Coated, Flexible, Fitting
etc.

|TVD |TVD |numeric(18,9) | |TRUE VERTICAL DEPTH: The true vertical depth
for the pipeline segment.

|INSIDE_DIAMETER |Inside Diameter |character varying(40) | |INSIDE
DIAMETER: Measurement of the inside diameter size of the pipeline.

|INSIDE_DIAMETER |Inside Diameter Unit |numeric(8,3) | |INSIDE DIAMETER
OUOM: Inside diameter original unit of measure.

|OUTSIDE_DIAMET ER |Outside Diameter |character varying(40) | |OUTSIDE
DIAMETER: Measurement of the outside diameter size of the pipeline.

|OUTSIDE_DIAMET ER_OUOM |Outside Diameter Unit |character varying(40) |
|OUTSIDE DIAMETER OUOM: Outside diameter original unit of measure.

|ROUGHNESS |Roughness |numeric(8,3) | |ROUGHNESS: The absolute roughness
of the pipeline.

|WALL_THICKNESS |Wall Thickness |numeric(8,3) | |WALL THICKNESS:
Measurement of the thickness of the pipeline.

|R_PIPELINE_MAT ERIAL_ID |Pipeline Material ID |integer
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_pipeline_material[R_PIPELINE_MAT
ERIAL] |PIPELINE MATERIAL IDENTIFIER: An auto generated database id for
pipeline material.

|PIPELINE_MATERI AL |Pipeline Material |character varying(40)
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_pipeline_material[R_PIPELINE_MAT
ERIAL] |PIPELINE MATERIAL: The material that a pipeline is constructed
from, such as 24 pound steel, etc.

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean | |ACITIVE INDICATOR: A TRUE/FALSE flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active / valid
(TRUE) or inactive / invalid (FALSE).

|ROW_CHANGED_ BY |Changed By |character varying(100) | |Application
login id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_ DATE |Changed Date |timestamp | |ROW CHANGED DATE: System
date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_By |Created By |character varying(100) | |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_D ATE |Created Date |timestamp | |ROW CREATED DATE: Date
that the row was created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/pipeline%20segment.png[image]

=== Spatial Polygon

*Table Name: sp_polygon*

SPATIAL POLYGON: a polygon which describes the outline of an area.
Polygons may describe outlines of fields, pools, AOI agreements, land
titles, land parcel lots, surface restrictions and others.

[width="100%",cols="18%,18%,10%,7%,47%",options="header",]
|===
|Column Name |Display Name |Data Type |Ref_Table |Description
|POLYGON_ID |Polygon ID |int | |POLYGON ID: Unique identifier to track
the polygonal outline of a spatial object. Complex polygons are
permitted.

|POLYGON_NAME |Polygon Name |varchar(100) | |The name of the POLYGON.
Must be unique among all POLYGONS in the system.

|BOUNDARY_DIRECTION |Boundary Direction |varchar(20) | |BOUNDARY
DIRECTION: Direction from starting point to connect boundary points in
polygon. May be clockwise or counter clockwise.

|CRS_ID |CRS ID |int | |COORDINATE SYSTEM ID: unique identifier for the
coordinate system.

|DATUM_ELEV |Datum ELEV |numeric(10,5) | |DATUM ELEVATION: The elevation
of the vertical datum used to measure the position of downhole positions
such as well points or geophones.

|MAX_PLOT_SCALE |Max Plot Scale |varchar(20) | |MAXIMUM PLOT SCALE: The
maximum scale that this polygon should be used for.

|MIN_PLOT_SCALE |Min Plot Scale |varchar(20) | |MINIMUM PLOT SCALE: The
minimum scale that this polygon should be used for.

|DEPTH_DATUM_ID |Reference Datum |varchar(40) | |REFERENCE DATUM: the
datum to which the elevations or depths have been referenced, such as
Mean Sea Level.

|SPATIAL_DESCRIPTION_ID |Spatial Description ID |int | |An auto
generated database id for spatial description

|REMARKS |Remarks |varchar(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks about this
row of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |bit | |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A True/False flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active / valid
(True) or inactive / invalid (False).

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Row Created By |varchar(30) | |Application login id of
the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Row Created Date |datetime | |System date of the last
time the row was changed.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Row Changed Date |datetime | |System user who created
this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Row Changed By |varchar(30) | |Date that the row was
created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/sp_polygon.png[image]

=== Pool/Reservoir

*Table Name: pool*

POOL: Represents a reservoir or a group of small tracts of land brought
together for the granting of a well permit under applicable spacing
rules. In Canada pool almost exclusively refers to a reservoir and these
codes are usually unique within a province/field. In the United States,
these codes are unique either to the state, or to the state/field or the
district. Pool definitions may be administrative (usually assigned to a
production string) or geologic (usually assigned to a production string
formation).

[width="100%",cols="14%,12%,12%,31%,31%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Ref_Table* |*Description*
|POOL_ID |Pool ID |integer | |POOL IDENTIFIER: The unique number
assigned to the pool.

|POOL_NAME |Pool/Reservoir Name |character varying(255) | |POOL NAME:
The name of the pool.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean | |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y or N flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active/valid (Y)
or inactive/invalid (N).

|CURRENT_STATUS_DATE |Well Status Date |timestamp | |CURRENT STATUS
DATE: Date of the current status for the pool.

|DISCOVERY_DATE |Discovery Date |timestamp | |DISCOVERY DATE: The date
that the pool was discovered. This may be different than effective date.

|EFFECTIVE_DATE |Effective Date |timestamp | |EFFECTIVE DATE: the date
on which this row of data first came into effect from a business
perspective.

|EXPIRY_DATE |Expiry Date |timestamp | |EXPIRY DATE: the date on which
this row of data is no longer in effect from a business perspective.

|FIELD_ID |Field ID |integer |link:#field[FIELD] |FIELD IDENTIFIER:
Unique identifier for the field.

|FIELD_NAME |Field Name |character varying(50) |link:#field[FIELD]
|FIELD NAME: The name of the FIELD

|POOL_CODE |Pool Code |character varying(20) | |POOL: Code identifying
the pool (oil accumulation from which a well or group of wells
produces), similar to a reservoir.

|POOL_NAME_ABBREVIATION |Pool Name Abbreviation |character varying(12) |
|POOL NAME ABBREVIATION: The pool name abbreviation.

|R_POOL_STATUS_ID |Pool Status ID |integer
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_pool_status[R_POOL_STATUS] |POOL
STATUS: The operational or legal status of the pool.

|POOL_STATUS |Pool Status |character varying(50)
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_pool_status[R_POOL_STATUS] |POOL
STATUS: The operational or legal status of the pool.

|R_POOL_TYPE_ID |Pool Type ID |integer
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_pool_type[R_POOL_TYPE] |POOL
TYPE: The type of hydrocarbon pool described, such as conventional or
oil sands deposit. May also indicate a pool created for administrative
reasons or for geologic (stratigraphic) definitions.

|POOL_TYPE |Pool Type |character varying(50)
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_pool_type[R_POOL_TYPE] |POOL
TYPE: The type of hydrocarbon pool described, such as conventional or
oil sands deposit. May also indicate a pool created for administrative
reasons or for geologic (stratigraphic) definitions.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(30) | |ROW CHANGED BY:
Application login id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp | |ROW CHANGED DATE: System
date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(30) | |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp | |ROW CREATED DATE: Date
that the row was created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/pool.png[image]

=== Pool Component

*Table Name: pool_component*

POOL COMPONENT: This table is used to capture the relationships between
pools and business objects, such as wells, equipment, documents, seismic
sets and contracts.

[width="100%",cols="18%,18%,10%,7%,47%",options="header",]
|===
|Column Name |Display Name |Data Type |Ref_Table |Description
|POOL_COMPONENT_ID |Pool Component ID |int | |An auto generated database
id for pool component

|POOL_ID |Pool ID |int | |POOL IDENTIFIER: Number or code uniquely
identifying the pool.

|POOL_NAME |Pool/Reservoir Name |varchar(100) | |POOL NAME: The name of
the pool.

|SPATIAL_DESCRIPTION |Spatial Description |varchar(40) | |SPATIAL
DESCRIPTION: The surface and sub-surface description of any object that
occupies an area, such as a land right, field, facility or area of
interest. The surface description may be stated in terms of a legal
survey system, metes and bounds or polygon. The mineral zone description
describes the minerals (substances) and subsurface definition
(zones/formations) that are included in the definition. For land rights,
continuations may be described by generating a new Spatial description.

|COMPONENT_OBS_NO |Component OBS No |int | |COMPONENT OBSERVATION
NUMBER: A unique number identifying the object that is associated with a
pool.

|SPATIAL_DESCRIPTION_ID |Spatial Description ID |int | |An auto
generated database id for spatial description

|REMARKS |Remarks |varchar(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks about this
row of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |bit | |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A True/False flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active / valid
(True) or inactive / invalid (False).

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Row Created By |varchar(30) | |Application login id of
the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Row Created Date |datetime | |System date of the last
time the row was changed.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Row Changed Date |datetime | |System user who created
this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Row Changed By |varchar(30) | |Date that the row was
created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/pool_component.png[image]

=== Port

*Table Name: port*

PORT: Ports allow flow in or out of a unit.

[width="100%",cols="13%,11%,12%,32%,32%",options="header",]
|===
|Column Name |Display Name |Data Type |*Ref_Table* |Description
|PORT_ID |Port ID |INTEGER | |Primary Key

|UNIT_ID |Unit ID |INTEGER |link:#unit[UNIT] |UNIT ID: Foreign key
against to UNIT

|REPORTING_FACILITY_ID |Reporting Facility ID |INTEGER
|link:#reporting-facility[REPORTING_FACILITY] |REPORTING FACILITY ID

|DIRECTION |Direction |INTEGER
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r-direction-type[R_DIRECTION_TYPE]
|DIRECTION:Defines whether this port is an inlet or outlet. This is a
nominal intended direction.

|NAME |Name |CHARACTER VARYING | |NAME: The name of the external port
within the context of the current product flow network.

|UID |UID |CHARACTER VARYING | |UID:A unique identifier for this data
element. It is not globally unique (not a uuid) and only need be unique
within the context of the parent top-level object.

|EXPOSED |Exposed |BOOLEAN | |EXPOSED:True (true or 1) indicates that
the port is an exposed internal port and cannot be used in a connection
external to the unit. False (false or 0) or not given indicates a normal
port.

|COMMENT |Comment |CHARACTER VARYING | |COMMENT:A descriptive remark
about the port.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean | |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y/N flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active / valid
(Y) or inactive / invalid (N).

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) | |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp | |System date of the last
time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) | |System user who
created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp | |Date that the row was
created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/port.png[image]

=== Port Expected Flow Product

*Table Name: port_expected_flow_product*

PORT_EXPECTED_FLOW_PRODUCT: Defines the expected flow and product pairs
to be assigned to this port .A set of expected qualifiers can be defined
for each pair.

[width="100%",cols="17%,14%,11%,29%,29%",options="header",]
|===
|Column Name |Display Name |Data Type |*Ref_Table* |Description
|PORT_EXPECTED_FLOW_PRODUCT_ID |Port Expected Flow Product ID |INTEGER |
|PORT EXPECTED FLOW PRODUCT ID: The identifier of this row of data.

|PORT_ID |Port ID |INTEGER |link:#port[PORT] |PORT ID: Foreign key
against PORT

|FLOW |Flow |INTEGER
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r-reporting-flow[R_REPORTING_FLOW]
|FLOW:The expected kind of flow.

|PRODUCT |Product |INTEGER
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r-reporting-product[R_REPORTING_PRODUCT]
|PRODUCT:The expected kind of product within the flow.

|UID_REF |Uid Ref |CHARACTER VARYING | |UID REF:The referencing uid.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean | |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y/N flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active / valid
(Y) or inactive / invalid (N).

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) | |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp | |System date of the last
time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) | |System user who
created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp | |Date that the row was
created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/port_expected_flow_product.png[image]

=== Port Expected Flow Property

*Table Name: port_expected_flow_property*

PORT_EXPECTED_FLOW_PROPERTY: Defines expected properties of a facility
represented by a unit.

[width="100%",cols="17%,14%,11%,29%,29%",options="header",]
|===
|Column Name |Display Name |Data Type |*Ref_Table* |Description
|PORT_EXPECTED_FLOW_PROPERTY_ID |Port Expected Flow Property ID |INTEGER
| |PORT EXPECTED FLOW PRODUCT ID: The identifier of this row of data.

|PORT_ID |Port ID |INTEGER |link:#port[PORT] |PORT ID: Foreign key
against PORT

|FLOW |Flow |INTEGER
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r-reporting-flow[R_REPORTING_FLOW]
|FLOW:The expected kind of flow.

|PRODUCT |Product |INTEGER
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r-reporting-product[R_REPORTING_PRODUCT]
|PRODUCT:The expected kind of product within the flow.

|UID_REF |UID Ref |CHARACTER VARYING | |UID REF:The referencing uid.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean | |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y/N flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active / valid
(Y) or inactive / invalid (N).

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) | |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp | |System date of the last
time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) | |System user who
created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp | |Date that the row was
created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/port_expected_flow_property.png[image]

=== Port Facility Alias

*Table Name: port_facility_alias*

PORT_FACILITY_ALIAS: An alternative name of a facility. This is
generally unique within a naming system. The above contextually unique
name should also be listed as an alias.

[width="100%",cols="17%,15%,17%,9%,42%",options="header",]
|===
|Column Name |Display Name |Data Type |*Ref_Table* |Description
|PORT_FACILITY_ALIAS_ID |Port Facility Alias ID |INTEGER | |Primary Key

|PORT_ID |Port ID |INTEGER |link:#port[PORT] |PORT ID: Foreign key
against to PORT

|ALIAS |Alias |CHARACTER VARYING | |AUTHORITY:The authority for the
naming system, e.g., a company.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean | |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y/N flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active / valid
(Y) or inactive / invalid (N).

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) | |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp | |System date of the last
time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) | |System user who
created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp | |Date that the row was
created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/port_facility_alias.png[image]

=== Port NFP Tag Alias

*Table Name: port_nfp_tag_alias*

PORT_NFP_TAG_ALIAS: The name of something within a naming system. This
specify port tag alias.

[width="100%",cols="17%,14%,11%,29%,29%",options="header",]
|===
|Column Name |Display Name |Data Type |*Ref_Table* |Description
|PORT_NFP_TAG_ALIAS_ID |Port Nfp Tag Alias ID |INTEGER | |Primary Key

|PORT_EXPECTED_FLOW_PROPERTY_ID |Port Expected Flow Property ID |INTEGER
|link:/data-footprint/master-data/#port-expected-flow-property[PORT_EXPECTED_FLOW_PROPERTY]
|PORT EXPECTED FLOW PROPERTY ID:Foreign key against to PORT EXPECTED
FLOW PROPERTY

|TAG_ALIAS |Tag Alias |CHARACTER VARYING | |AUTHORITY:The authority for
the naming system, e.g., a company.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean | |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y/N flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active / valid
(Y) or inactive / invalid (N).

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) | |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp | |System date of the last
time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) | |System user who
created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp | |Date that the row was
created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/port_nfp_tag_alias.png[image]

=== Port Property Expected Flow Product

*Table Name: Port Property Expected Flow Product*

PORT_PROPERTY_EXPECTED_FLOW_PRODUCT: Defines an expected combination of
kinds.

[width="100%",cols="19%,17%,10%,27%,27%",options="header",]
|===
|Column Name |Display Name |Data Type |*Ref_Table* |Description
|PORT_PROPERTY_EXPECTED_FLOW_PRODUCT_ID |Port Property Expected Flow
Product ID |INTEGER | |Primary Key

|PORT_EXPECTED_FLOW_PROPERTY_ID |Product ID |INTEGER
|link:#port-expected-flow-property[PORT_EXPECTED_FLOW_PROPERTY] |PORT
EXPECTED FLOW PROPERTY ID:Foreign key against to PORT EXPECTED FLOW
PROPERTY

|FLOW |Flow |INTEGER
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r-reporting-flow[R_REPORTING_FLOW]
|FLOW:The expected kind of flow.

|PRODUCT |Product |INTEGER
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r-reporting-product[R_REPORTING_PRODUCT]
|PRODUCT:The expected kind of product within the flow.

|UID |UID |CHARACTER VARYING | |UID:A unique identifier for this data
element. It is not globally unique (not a uuid) and only need be unique
within the context of the parent top-level object.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean | |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y/N flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active / valid
(Y) or inactive / invalid (N).

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) | |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp | |System date of the last
time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) | |System user who
created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp | |Date that the row was
created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/port_property_expected_flow_product.png[image]

=== Port Property Expected Flow Product Qualifier

*Table Name: port_property_expected_flow_product_qualifier*

PORT_PROPERTY_EXPECTED_FLOW_PRODUCT_QUALIFIER: The qualifier of the port
expected flow product.

[width="100%",cols="20%,20%,10%,25%,25%",options="header",]
|===
|Column Name |Display Name |Data Type |*Ref_Table* |Description
|PORT_PROPERTY_EXPECTED_FLOW_PRODUCT_QUALIFIER_ID |Port Property
Expected Flow Product Qualifier ID |INTEGER | |The identifier of this
row of data.

|PORT_PROPERTY_EXPECTED_FLOW_PRODUCT_ID |Port Property Expected Flow
Product ID |INTEGER
|link:#port-property-expected-flow-product-qualifier[PORT_PROPERTY_EXPECTED_FLOW_PRODUCT]
|PORT PROPERTY EXPECTED FLOW PRODUCT ID: Foreign key against the port
property expected flow product.

|R_FLOW_QUALIFER_ID |R Flow Qualifer ID |INTEGER
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r-flow-qualifier[R_FLOW_QUALIFIER]
|R FLOW QUALIFER ID: Foreign key against R FLOW QUALIFIER

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean | |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y/N flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active / valid
(Y) or inactive / invalid (N).

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) | |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp | |System date of the last
time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) | |System user who
created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp | |Date that the row was
created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/port_property_expected_flow_product_qualifier.png[image]

=== Product Flow Network Plan

*Table Name: product_flow_network_plan*

PRODUCT_FLOW_NETWORK_PLAN: A plan to extend an actual network.

[width="100%",cols="22%,8%,18%,12%,40%",options="header",]
|===
|Column Name |Display Name |Data Type |*Ref_Table* |Description
|PRODUCT_FLOW_NETWORK_PLAN_ID |NETWORK |INTEGER | |Primary Key

|NAME |Name |CHARACTER VARYING | |The name assigned to the plan.

|NETWORK_ID |Network ID |INTEGER |link:#network[NETWORK] |Foreign key
against NETWORK table

|START_DATE |Start Date |TIMESTAMP WITHOUT TIME ZONE | |The date and
time of the start of the plan. This point coincides with the end of the
actual configuration. The configuration of the actual at this point in
time represents the configuration of the plan at this starting point.
All changes to this plan must be in the future from this point in time.

|PURPOSE |Purpose |CHARACTER VARYING | |A textual description of the
purpose of the plan.

|UID |UID |CHARACTER VARYING | |A unique identifier for this data
element. It is not globally unique (not a uuid) and only need be unique
within the context of the parent top-level object.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean | |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y/N flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active / valid
(Y) or inactive / invalid (N).

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) | |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp | |System date of the last
time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) | |System user who
created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp | |Date that the row was
created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/product_flow_network_plan.png[image]

=== Reporting Facility

*Table Name: reporting_facility*

REPORTING FACILITY: Identifies a facility.

[width="100%",cols="14%,12%,12%,31%,31%",options="header",]
|===
|Column Name |Display Name |Data Type |*Ref_Table* |Description
|REPORTING_FACILITY_ID |Reporting Facility ID |INTEGER | |Primary Key

|REPORTING_FACILITY_KIND |Reporting Facility Kind |INTEGER
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r-reporting-facility-kind[R_REPORTING_FACILITY_KIND]
|KIND:The kind of facility.

|ASSOCIATED_OBJECT_ID |Associated Object ID |CHARACTER VARYING | |UID
REF:The referencing uid.

|SITE_KIND |Site Kind |CHARACTER VARYING | |SITE KIND:A custom
sub-categorization of facility kind. This attribute is free-form text
and allows implementers to provide a more specific or specialized
description of the facility kind.

|NAMING_SYSTEM |Naming System |CHARACTER VARYING | |NAMING SYSTEM:The
naming system within which the name is unique. For example, API or NPD.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean | |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y/N flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active / valid
(Y) or inactive / invalid (N).

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) | |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp | |System date of the last
time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) | |System user who
created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp | |Date that the row was
created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/reporting_facility.png[image]

=== Scenario

*Table Name: scenario*

SCENARIO: A intelligible description of a possible situation, which is
based on a complex series of influence factors.

[width="100%",cols="13%,10%,13%,32%,32%",options="header",]
|===
|Column Name |Display Name |Data Type |*Ref_Table* |Description
|SCENARIO_ID |Scenario ID |integer | |SCENARIO IDENTIFIER: Number or
code uniquely identifying the scenario.

|SCENARIO_NAME |Scenario Name |character varying(40) | |SCENARIO NAME:
The name of the scenario.

|R_SCENARIO_SOURCE_ID |R_SCENARIO_SOURCE_ID |integer
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_scenario_source[R_SCENARIO_TYPE]
|The identifier of scenario source.

|R_SCENARIO_TYPE_ID |Scenario Type ID |integer
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_scenario_type[R_SCENARIO_TYPE]
|SCENARIO TYPE REFERENCE ID: The identifier of scenario type.

|SCENARIO_TYPE |Scenario Type |character varying(40)
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_scenario_type[R_SCENARIO_TYPE]
|SCENARIO TYPE: The scenario type, for example, base scenario, alternate
scenario.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean | |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y/N flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active / valid
(Y) or inactive / invalid (N).

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) | |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp | |System date of the last
time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) | |System user who
created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp | |Date that the row was
created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/scenario.png[image]

=== Spatial Boundary

*Table Name: sp_boundary*

SPATIAL POLYGON BOUNDARY: This table contains the points which outline
the perimeter of a polygon. The points are sequenced spatially in either
a clockwise or counter clockwise direction, as specified in SP_POLYGON.

[width="100%",cols="16%,14%,11%,7%,52%",options="header",]
|===
|Column Name |Display Name |Data Type |Ref_Table |Description
|SP_BOUNDARY_ID |SP Boundary ID |int | |An auto generated database id
for spatial boundary

|POLYGON_ID |Polygon ID |int | |POLYGON ID: Unique identifier to track a
spatial polygon. A polygon may be composed of more than one part,
including areas of inclusion and areas of exclusion.

|POINT_SEQ_NO |Point Seq No |int | |POINT SEQ NO: Unique identifier for
the points of the polygon, ordered spatially.

|DEPTH |Depth |numeric(15,5) | |DEPTH: The depth of this point where the
point is located below the ground or sea level.

|ELEVATION |Elevation |numeric(10,5) | |ELEVATION: The elevation of this
point.

|LATITUDE |Latitude |numeric(14,9) | |LATITUDE: Latitude of the point on
the polygon.

|LONGITUDE |Longitude |numeric(14,9) | |LONGITUDE: Longitude of the
point on the polygon

|REMARKS |Remarks |varchar(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks about this
row of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |bit | |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A True/False flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active / valid
(True) or inactive / invalid (False).

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Row Created By |varchar(30) | |Application login id of
the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Row Created Date |datetime | |System date of the last
time the row was changed.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Row Changed Date |datetime | |System user who created
this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Row Changed By |varchar(30) | |Date that the row was
created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/sp_boundary.png[image]

=== Spatial Description Text

*Table Name: sp_desc_text*

SPATIAL DESCRIPTION TEXT: Describes the spatial extent of the land
right, both on the surface and at the mineral zone. Usually textual in
nature, this information may be very lengthy and detailed. GIS or SQL
searches and functions cannot be readily performed on this information,
but it is needed for reporting and field purposes.

[width="100%",cols="16%,14%,11%,7%,52%",options="header",]
|===
|Column Name |Display Name |Data Type |Ref_Table |Description
|SP_BOUNDARY_ID |SP Boundary ID |int | |An auto generated database id
for spatial boundary

|POLYGON_ID |Polygon ID |int | |POLYGON ID: Unique identifier to track a
spatial polygon. A polygon may be composed of more than one part,
including areas of inclusion and areas of exclusion.

|POINT_SEQ_NO |Point Seq No |int | |POINT SEQ NO: Unique identifier for
the points of the polygon, ordered spatially.

|DEPTH |Depth |numeric(15,5) | |DEPTH: The depth of this point where the
point is located below the ground or sea level.

|ELEVATION |Elevation |numeric(10,5) | |ELEVATION: The elevation of this
point.

|LATITUDE |Latitude |numeric(14,9) | |LATITUDE: Latitude of the point on
the polygon.

|LONGITUDE |Longitude |numeric(14,9) | |LONGITUDE: Longitude of the
point on the polygon

|REMARKS |Remarks |varchar(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks about this
row of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |bit | |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A True/False flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active / valid
(True) or inactive / invalid (False).

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Row Created By |varchar(30) | |Application login id of
the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Row Created Date |datetime | |System date of the last
time the row was changed.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Row Changed Date |datetime | |System user who created
this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Row Changed By |varchar(30) | |Date that the row was
created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/sp_desc_text.png[image]

=== Spatial Description

*Table Name: spatial_description*

SPATIAL DESCRIPTION: The surface and sub-surface description of land.
The surface description may be stated in terms of a legal survey system,
metes and bounds or polygon. The mineral zone description describes the
minerals (substances) and subsurface definition (zones/formations) to
which rights are granted. For land rights, continuations may be
described by generating a new LLD.

[width="100%",cols="19%,21%,9%,6%,45%",options="header",]
|===
|Column Name |Display Name |Data Type |Ref_Table |Description
|SPATIAL_DESCRIPTION_ID |Spatial Description ID |int | |An auto
generated database id for spatial description

|SPATIAL_DESCRIPTION |Spatial Description |varchar(40) | |SPATIAL
DESCRIPTION: The surface and sub-surface description of any object that
occupies an area, such as a land right, field, facility or area of
interest. The surface description may be stated in terms of a legal
survey system, metes and bounds or polygon. The mineral zone description
describes the minerals (substances) and subsurface definition
(zones/formations) that are included in the definition. For land rights,
continuations may be described by generating a new Spatial description.

|SPATIAL_OBS_NO |Spatial OBS No |int | |SPATIAL DESCRIPTION OBSERVATION
NUMBER: a unique series number for the spatial description, allowing the
spatial description to be versioned over time.

|SPATIAL_DESC_TEXT_IND |Spatial Description Text IND |bit | |SPATIAL
TEXT DESCRIPTION INDICATOR: indicates that the land legal description is
described by a textual description, such as metes and bounds.

|REMARKS |Remarks |varchar(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks about this
row of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |bit | |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A True/False flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active / valid
(True) or inactive / invalid (False).

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Row Created By |varchar(30) | |Application login id of
the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Row Created Date |datetime | |System date of the last
time the row was changed.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Row Changed Date |datetime | |System user who created
this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Row Changed By |varchar(30) | |Date that the row was
created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/spatial_description.png[image]

=== Unit

*Table Name: unit*

UNIT: A unit is essentially a black box that can represent anything.
Generally it is a kind of facility or well.

[width="100%",cols="18%,16%,9%,23%,34%",options="header",]
|===
|Column Name |Display Name |Data Type |Ref_Table |Description
|UNIT_ID |Unit ID |INTEGER | |Primary Key

|NETWORK_ID |Network ID |INTEGER |link:#network[NETWORK] |NETWORK
ID:Foreign key against PRODUCT FLOW NETWORK PLAN table

|NAME |Name |CHARACTER VARYING | |NAME: The name of the ProductFlowUnit
within the context of the ProductFlowNetwork.

|NETWORK_PLAN_NAME |Network Plan Name |CHARACTER VARYING | |PLAN
NAME:The name of a network plan. This indicates a planned unit. All
child network components must all be planned and be part of the same
plan. The parent network must either contain the plan (i.e., be an
actual) or be part of the same plan. Not specified indicates an actual
unit.

|REPORTING_FACILITY_ID |Reporting Facility ID |INTEGER
|link:#reporting-facility[REPORTING_FACILITY] |REPORTING FACILITY ID:
Foreign key against REPORTING FACILITY

|REPRTING_FACILITY_PARENT1_ID |Reporting Facility Parent ID |INTEGER
|link:#reporting-facility[REPORTING_FACILITY] |REPRTING FACILITY PARENT1
ID: Foreign key against REPORTING FACILITY, For facilities whose name is
unique within the context of another facility, the name of the parent
facility this named facility. The name can be qualified by a naming
system. This also defines the kind of facility.

|REPORTING_FACILITY_PARENT2_ID |Reporting Facility parent ID |INTEGER
|link:#reporting-facility[REPORTING_FACILITY] |REPORTING FACILITY
PARENT2 ID: Foreign key against REPORTING FACILITY, For facilities whose
name is unique within the context of another facility, the name of the
parent facility of facilityParent1. The name can be qualified by a
naming system. This also defines the kind of facility.

|INTERNAL_NETWORK_REFERENCE |Internal Network Reference |INTEGER
|link:#network[NETWORK] |INTERNAL NETWORK REFERENCE:A pointer to the
network representing the internal behavior of this unit. The names of
the external ports on the internal network must match the names of the
ports on this unit. That is they are logically the same ports.

|RELATIVE_COORDINATE_X |Relative Coordinate X |NUMBER | |RELATIVE
COORDINATE X:Defines the relative coordinate of the unit on a display
screen.his is not intended for detailed diagrams. Rather it is intended
to allow different applications to present a user view which has a
consistent layout.

|RELATIVE_COORDINATE_Y |Relative Coordinate Y |NUMBER | |RELATIVE
COORDINATE Y

|RELATIVE_COORDINATE_Z |Relative Coordinate Z |NUMBER | |RELATIVE
COORDINATE Z

|UID |UID |CHARACTER VARYING | |UID:A unique identifier for this data
element. It is not globally unique (not a uuid) and only need be unique
within the context of the parent top-level object.

|COMMENT |Comment |CHARACTER VARYING | |COMMENT: A descriptive remark
associated with this unit.

|REMARKS |Remarks |varchar(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks about this
row of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |bit | |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A True/False flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active / valid
(True) or inactive / invalid (False).

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Row Created By |varchar(30) | |Application login id of
the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Row Created Date |datetime | |System date of the last
time the row was changed.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Row Changed Date |datetime | |System user who created
this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Row Changed By |varchar(30) | |Date that the row was
created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/unit.png[image]

=== Unit Context Facility

*Table Name: unit_context_facility*

UNIT_CONTEXT_FACILITY: Identifies the context facilities of the UNIT.

[width="100%",cols="15%,12%,9%,32%,32%",options="header",]
|===
|Column Name |Display Name |Data Type |Ref_Table |Description
|UNIT_CONTEXT_FACILITY_ID |Unit Context Facility ID |INTEGER | |UNIT
CONTEXT FACILITY ID: The identifier of this row of data.

|UNIT_ID |Unit ID |INTEGER |link:#unit[UNIT] |UNIT ID: Foreign key
against UNIT.

|KIND |Kind |INTEGER
|link:/data-footprint/master-data/#scenario[R_REPORTING_FACILITY_KIND]
|KIND: The kind of facility.

|SITE_KIND |Site Kind |CHARACTER VARYING | |SITE KIND:A custom
sub-categorization of facility kind. This attribute is free-form text
and allows implementers to provide a more specific or specialized
description of the facility kind.

|NAMING_SYSTEM |Naming System |CHARACTER VARYING | |NAMING SYSTEM:The
naming system within which the name is unique. For example, API or NPD.

|UID_REF |UID Ref |CHARACTER VARYING | |UID REF:The referencing uid.

|REMARKS |Remarks |varchar(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks about this
row of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |bit | |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A True/False flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active / valid
(True) or inactive / invalid (False).

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Row Created By |varchar(30) | |Application login id of
the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Row Created Date |datetime | |System date of the last
time the row was changed.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Row Changed Date |datetime | |System user who created
this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Row Changed By |varchar(30) | |Date that the row was
created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/unit_context_facility.png[image]

=== Unit Expected Flow Product

*Table Name: unit_expected_flow_product*

UNIT_EXPECTED_FLOW_PRODUCT: Defines an expected combination of kinds.

[width="100%",cols="17%,15%,8%,30%,30%",options="header",]
|===
|Column Name |Display Name |Data Type |Ref_Table |Description
|UNIT_EXPECTED_FLOW_PRODUCT_ID |Unit Expected Flow Product ID |INTEGER |
|UNIT EXPECTED FLOW PRODUCT ID: The identifier of this row of data.

|UNIT_EXPECTED_FLOW_PROPERTY_ID |Unit Expected Flow Property ID |INTEGER
|link:#unit-expected-property[UNIT_EXPECTED_PROPERTY] |UNIT EXPECTED
PROPERTY ID: The identifier of the unit expected flow property.

|FLOW |Flow |INTEGER
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_reporting_flow[R_REPORTING_FLOW]
|FLOW: The flow kind for this row of data.

|PRODUCT |Product |INTEGER
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_reporting_product[R_REPORTING_PRODUCT]
|PRODUCT: The product kind for this row of data.

|UID |UID |CHARACTER VARYING | |UID: A unique identifier for this data
element. It is not globally unique (not a uuid) and only need be unique
within the context of the parent top-level object.

|COMMENT |Comment |CHARACTER VARYING | |COMMENT:A descriptive remark
associated with this property.

|REMARKS |Remarks |varchar(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks about this
row of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |bit | |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A True/False flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active / valid
(True) or inactive / invalid (False).

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Row Created By |varchar(30) | |Application login id of
the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Row Created Date |datetime | |System date of the last
time the row was changed.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Row Changed Date |datetime | |System user who created
this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Row Changed By |varchar(30) | |Date that the row was
created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/unit_expected_flow_product.png[image]

=== Unit Expected Flow Product Qualifier

*Table Name: unit_expected_flow_product_qualifier*

UNIT_EXPECTED_FLOW_PRODUCT_QUALIFIER: The relationship table between
UNIT EXPECTED FLOW PRODUCT and R FLOW QUALIFIER.

[width="100%",cols="20%,18%,6%,28%,28%",options="header",]
|===
|Column Name |Display Name |Data Type |Ref_Table |Description
|UNIT_EXPECTED_FLOW_PRODUCT_QUALIFIER_ID |Unit Expected Flow Product
Qualifier ID |INTEGER | |UNIT EXPECTED FLOW PRODUCT QUALIFIER ID: The
identifier of this row of data.

|UNIT_EXPECTED_FLOW_PRODUCT_ID |Unit Expected Flow Product ID |INTEGER
|link:#unit-expected-flow-product[UNIT_EXPECTED_FLOW_PRODUCT] |UNIT
EXPECTED FLOW PRODUCT ID: The unit expected flow product identifier of
this row of data.

|FLOW_QUALIFIER_ID |Flow Qualifier ID |INTEGER
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_flow_qualifier[R_FLOW_QUALIFIER]
|QUALIFIER: Foeign key against to R FLOW QUALIFIER

|REMARKS |Remarks |varchar(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks about this
row of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |bit | |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A True/False flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active / valid
(True) or inactive / invalid (False).

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Row Created By |varchar(30) | |Application login id of
the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Row Created Date |datetime | |System date of the last
time the row was changed.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Row Changed Date |datetime | |System user who created
this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Row Changed By |varchar(30) | |Date that the row was
created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/unit_expected_flow_product_qualifier.png[image]

=== Unit Expected Property

*Table Name: unit_expected_property*

UNIT_EXPECTED_PROPERTY: Defines expected properties of a facility
represented by a unit.

[width="100%",cols="14%,13%,9%,32%,32%",options="header",]
|===
|Column Name |Display Name |Data Type |Ref_Table |Description
|UNIT_EXPECTED_PROPERTY_ID |Unit Expected Property ID |INTEGER | |UNIT
EXPECTED PROPERTY ID:The primary key of this row of data.

|UNIT_ID |Unit ID |INTEGER |link:/#unit[UNIT] |UNIT ID: Foreign key
against to UNIT

|PROPERTY |Property |INTEGER
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_facility_parameter[R_FACILITY_PARAMETER]
|PROPERTY: The expected kind of facility property. Each property is
documented to have values of a particular type.

|DEAD_BAND |Dead Band |NUMBER | |DEAD BAND:Difference between two
consecutive readings, which must exceed deadband value to be accepted.

|MAXIMUM_FREQUENCY |Maximum Frequency |NUMBER | |MAXIMUM FREQUENCY:The
maximum time difference from the last sent event before the next event
is sent.

|EXPECTED_FLOW_QUALIFIER |Expected Flow Qualifier |CHARACTER VARYING |
|EXPECTED FLOW QUALIFIER:Forces a choice between a qualifier or one more
qualified by flow and product.

|CHILD_FACILITY_IDENTIFIER |Child Facility Identifier |CHARACTER VARYING
| |CHILD FACILITY IDENTIFIER:The PRODML Relative Identifier (or URI) of
a child of the parent facility. The identifier path is presumed to begin
with the identity of the parent facility. This identifies a sub-facility
which is identified within the context of the parent
facilityParent2/facilityParent1/name identification hierarchy. The
property is only expected to be defined for this child and not for the
parent.

|COMMENT |Comment |CHARACTER VARYING | |COMMENT:A descriptive remark
associated with this property.

|REMARKS |Remarks |varchar(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks about this
row of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |bit | |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A True/False flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active / valid
(True) or inactive / invalid (False).

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Row Created By |varchar(30) | |Application login id of
the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Row Created Date |datetime | |System date of the last
time the row was changed.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Row Changed Date |datetime | |System user who created
this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Row Changed By |varchar(30) | |Date that the row was
created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/unit_expected_property.png[image]

=== Unit Facility Alias

*Table Name: unit_facility_alias*

UNIT_FACILITY_ALIAS: The name of something within a naming system. This
specify facility alias.

[width="99%",cols="18%,15%,15%,9%,43%",options="header",]
|===
|Column Name |Display Name |Data Type |Ref_Table |Description
|UNIT_FACILITY_ALIAS_ID |Unit Facility Alias ID |UNIT_FACILITY_ALIAS_ID
| |Primary Key

|UNIT_ID |Unit ID |UNIT_ID |link:#unit[UNIT] |UNIT ID: Foreign key
against to UNIT

|FACILITY_ALIAS |Facility Alias |FACILITY_ALIAS | |AUTHORITY:The
authority for the naming system, e.g., a company.

|REMARKS |Remarks |varchar(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks about this
row of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |bit | |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A True/False flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active / valid
(True) or inactive / invalid (False).

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Row Created By |varchar(30) | |Application login id of
the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Row Created Date |datetime | |System date of the last
time the row was changed.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Row Changed Date |datetime | |System user who created
this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Row Changed By |varchar(30) | |Date that the row was
created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/unit_facility_alias.png[image]

=== Unit NFP Tag Alias

*Table Name: unit_nfp_tag_alias*

UNIT_NFP_TAG_ALIAS: The name of something within a naming system. This
specify tag alias.

[width="100%",cols="16%,14%,9%,27%,34%",options="header",]
|===
|Column Name |Display Name |Data Type |Ref_Table |Description
|UNIT_NFP_TAG_ALIAS_ID |Unit Nfp Tag Alias ID |INTEGER | |Primary Key

|UNIT_EXPECTED_PROPERTY_ID |Unit Expected Property ID |INTEGER
|link:#unit-expected-property[UNIT_EXPECTED_PROPERTY] |UNIT EXPECTED
PROPERTY ID:Foreign key against to UNIT EXPECTED FLOW PROPERTY

|TAG_ALIAS |Tag Alias |CHARACTER VARYING | |AUTHORITY:The authority for
the naming system, e.g., a company.

|REMARKS |Remarks |varchar(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks about this
row of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |bit | |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A True/False flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active / valid
(True) or inactive / invalid (False).

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Row Created By |varchar(30) | |Application login id of
the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Row Created Date |datetime | |System date of the last
time the row was changed.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Row Changed Date |datetime | |System user who created
this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Row Changed By |varchar(30) | |Date that the row was
created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/unit_nfp_tag_alias.png[image]

=== Well

*Table Name: Well*

WELL: A well is the location on the surface of the earth or sea bed
where the drill bit is planned to penetrate or does penetrate the earth
to establish or rework a well. The well will be the same with `Well
Origin' in PPDM.

[width="100%",cols="14%,11%,11%,32%,32%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Data Type* |*Display Name* |*Ref_Table* |*Description*
|WELL_ID |integer |Well ID | |WELL ID: The identifier to as the primary
key for this row.

|UWI |character varying(50) |UWI | |UNIQUE WELL IDENTIFIER: A unique
name, code or number designated.

|WELL_NAME |character varying(255) |Well Name | |WELL NAME: Name
assigned to the well. This may be the legal or registered name as it
appears on a permit or a given name assigned by the operator.

|WELL_ALIAS_N AME |character varying(255) |Well Alias | |WELL NAME: The
alias name assigned to the well.

|LEASE_NAME |character varying(255) |Lease Name | |LEASE NAME: Name
assigned to the lease by the regulatory agency with jurisdiction over
the minerals in the area where the lease is located.

|LEASE_NUM |character varying(50) |Lease Num | |LEASE NUMBER: Number
assigned to the lease by the regulatory agency with jurisdiction over
the minerals in the area where the lease is located.

|OFFSHORE_IND |boolean |Offshore Indicator | |OFFSHORE INDICATOR: A Y or
N flag indicating whether this well is onshore or offshore.

|IS_ACTIVE |boolean |Is Active | |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y or N flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active/valid (Y)
or inactive/invalid (N).

|WELL_OWNER |character varying(255) |Well Owner | |WELL OWNER: Owner
assigned to the well.

|SPUD_DATE |timestamp |Spud Date | |SPUD DATE: Date the drilling
operations commenced on the well. The first day hole is made.

|SPUD_DATE_TZ |character varying(40) |Spud Date Timezone
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_timezone[R TIMEZONE] |

|R_TIMEZONE_I D |integer |Timezone ID
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_timezone[R TIMEZONE] |

|COMPLETION_ DATE |timestamp |Completion Date | |COMPLETION DATE: Date
on the official filing or completion report indicating the well is
established as ready to produce, inject or abandon.

|PRODUCTION_S TART_DATE |timestamp |Production Start Date | |PRODUCTION
START DATE: Date the well started to product.

|X_COORDINATE |numeric(18,9) |Surface X Coordinate | |X/Y of surface,
which can hold a geographical latitude/longitude or projected X/Y
depending on the value of CRS, which can be either a projected CRS or
geographical datum.

|Y_COORDINATE |numeric(18,9) |Surface Y Coordinate | |X/Y of surface,
which can hold a geographical latitude/longitude or projected X/Y
depending on the value of CRS, which can be either a projected CRS or
geographical datum.

|CRS_ID |CRS ID |integer
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#carto-reference-system[Carto
Reference System] |COORDINATE REFERENCE SYSTEM ID: the identifier of
coordinate reference system.

|CRS_NAME |CRS Name |character varying(50)
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#carto-reference-system[Carto
Reference System] |COORDINATE REFERENCE SYSTEM: coordinate-based local,
regional or global system used to locate geographical entities.

|PRODUCTION_ METHOD_ID |Production Method ID |integer
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_production_method[R PRODUCTION
METHOD] |PRODUCTION METHOD IDENTIFIER: the unique number assigned to
production method.

|PRODUCTION_ METHOD |Production Method |character varying(50)
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_production_method[R PRODUCTION
METHOD] |PRODUCTION_METHOD: The method of product ion. For example
swabbing, flowing, pumping or gas lift.

|CURRENT_CLASS_ID |Current Class |integer
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_well_class[R_WELL_CLASS]
|CURRENT WELL CLASS: REFERENCE WELL CLASSIFICATION: A reference table
identifying the

|WELL_CLASS |Well Class |character varying(50)
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_well_class[R_WELL_CLASS] |WELL
CLASSIFICATION: A reference table identifying the classification of a
well commonly based on the Lahee system. For example New Field Wildcat,
Deeper Pool Test, Outpost or Development

|CURRENT_STATUS_ID |Current Status |integer
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_well_status[R WELL STATUS]
|CURRENT WELL STATUS: This reference table defines the status of the
well. For example: cased, spudded, licensed, dry, abandoned oil, gas,Use
only if needed.

|R_WELL_STATU S_NAME |Well Status Name |character varying(50)
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_well_status[R WELL STATUS] |WELL
STATUS NAME: This reference table defines the status of the well. For
example: cased, spudded, licensed, dry, abandoned oil, gas,

|CURRENT_STAT US_DATE |Well Status Date |timestamp | |CURRENT STATUS
DATE: Date of the current status of the well.

|DEEPEST_DEPTH |Total Depth |numeric(18,9) | |WELL DEEPEST DEPTH: The
deepest measure depth of the well.

|MAX_TVD |Max TVD |numeric(18,9) | |MAXIMUM TRUE VERTICAL DEPTH: The
maximum true vertical depth from the surface datum reference to the
final total depth or deepest point, measured on a straight line.

|DEPTH_DATUM_ID |Depth Datum ID |integer
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_well_datum_type[R WELL DATUM
TYPE] |DEPTH DATUM ID: The unique number of the depth datum, the point
from which all depths are measured.

|DEPTH_DATUM |Depth Datum |character varying(50)
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_well_datum_type[R WELL DATUM
TYPE] |DEPTH DATUM: The point from which all depths are measured. For
example: Kelly bushing, ground level, barge floor.

|DEPTH_DATUM_ELEV |Depth Datum Elevation |numeric(18,9) | |DEPTH DATUM
ELEVATION: Operator reported elevation of the measurement datum used as
a reference for other measured well points.

|GROUND_ELEV |Ground Elevation |numeric(18,9) | |GROUND ELEVEVATION: The
elevation of the ground at the well site.

|PLOT_SYMBOL |Well Symbol |character varying(40) | |PLOT SYMBOL: A
character or symbol used to represent well status. This may be a
particular mapping package coding scheme, or a pointer to other
application dependent files.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) | |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp | |ROW CHANGED DATE: System
date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) | |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp | |ROW CREATED DATE: Date
that the row was created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/well.png[image]

=== Wellbore

*Table Name: wellbore*

WELLBORE: A Wellbore is a path of drilled footage, from Well Origin
(top/start) to a terminating point (bottom/end).

[width="100%",cols="12%,12%,12%,32%,32%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Ref_Table* |*Description*
|WELLBORE_ID |Wellbore ID |integer | |WELLBORE ID: An auto generated
database id for wellbore to be the primary key for this row.

|WELL_ID |Well |integer |link:#well[WELL] |WELL ID: The identifier to as
the primary key for well.

|WELL_UWI |Well UWI |character varying(50) |link:#well[WELL] |UNIQUE
WELL IDENTIFIER: A unique name, code or number designated for the parent
well.

|WELLBORE_UWI |Wellbore UWI |character varying(50) | |WELLBORE UNIQUE
IDENTIFIER: A unique name, code or number designated to the wellbore

|WELLBORE_NA ME |Wellbore Name |character varying(50) | |WELLBORE NAME:
Name assigned to the wellbore. This may be the legal or registered name
as it appears on a permit or a given name assigned by the operator.

|WELLBORE_NU MBER |Wellbore Num |character varying(50) | |WELBORE
NUMBER: Number or alphanumeric name assigned to each wellbore by the
operator. For example ST1,RD1 or 01.

|X_COORDINATE |Surface X Coordinate |numeric(18,9) | |X/Y of surface,
which can hold a geographical latitude/longitude or projected X/Y
depending on the value of CRS, which can be either a projected CRS or
geographical datum.

|Y_COORDINATE |Surface Y Coordinate |numeric(18,9) | |X/Y of surface,
which can hold a geographical latitude/longitude or projected X/Y
depending on the value of CRS, which can be either a projected CRS or
geographical datum.

|CRS_ID |CRS ID |integer
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#carto-reference-system[Carto
Reference System] |COORDINATE REFERENCE SYSTEM ID: the identifier of
coordinate reference system.

|CRS_NAME |CRS Name |character varying(50)
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#carto-reference-system[Carto
Reference System] |COORDINATE REFERENCE SYSTEM: coordinate-based local,
regional or global system used to locate geographical entities.

|BH_X_COORDIN ATE |Bottom Hole X Coordinate |numeric(18,9) | |X/Y of
bottom, which can hold a geographical latitude/longitude or projected
X/Y depending on the value of CRS, which can be either a projected CRS
or geographical datum.

|BH_Y_COORDIN ATE |Bottom Hole Y Coordinate |numeric(18,9) | |X/Y of
bottom, which can hold a geographical latitude/longitude or projected
X/Y depending on the value of CRS, which can be either a projected CRS
or geographical datum.

|BH_CRS_ID |Bottom Hole CRS ID |integer
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#carto-reference-system[Carto
Reference System] |COORDINATE REFERENCE SYSTEM ID: the identifier of
coordinate reference system.

|BH_CRS_NAME |Bottom Hole CRS Name |character varying(50)
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#carto-reference-system[Carto
Reference System] |COORDINATE REFERENCE SYSTEM: coordinate-based local,
regional or global system used to locate geographical entities.

|FIELD_ID |Field ID |integer |link:#field[FIELD] |FIELD IDENTIFIER:
Unique identifier for the field.

|FIELD_NAME |Field Name |character varying(255) |link:#field[FIELD]
|FIELD NAME: The name of the FIELD. Must be unique among all FIELDS in
the system.

|KB_ELEV |KB Elevation |numeric(18,9) | |KELLY BUSHING ELEVATION: The
elevation of the kelly bushing (generally measured from sea level).

|GROUND_ELEV |Ground Elevation |numeric(18,9) | |GROUND ELEVEVATION: The
elevation of the ground level.

|DERRICK_FLOOR_ELEV |Derrick Floor Elevation |numeric(18,9) | |DERRICK
FLOOR ELEVATION: Elevations that are reported from the Derrick floor.

|DEPTH_DATUM_ID |Depth Datum ID |integer
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_well_datum_type[R WELL DATUM
TYPE] |DEPTH DATUM: The point from which all depths are measured. For
example: kelly bushing, ground level, barge floor

|DEPTH_DATUM |Depth Datum |character varying(50)
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_well_datum_type[R WELL DATUM
TYPE] |DEPTH DATUM: The point from which all depths are measured. For
example: kelly bushing, ground level, barge floor

|DEPTH_DATUM_ELEV |Depth Datum Elevation |numeric(18,9) | |DEPTH DATUM
ELEVATION: Operator reported elevation of the measurement datum used as
a reference for other measured well/wellbore points.

|SPUD_DATE |Spud Date |timestamp | |SPUD DATE: Date the drilling
operations commenced on the well. The first day hole is made.

|SPUD_DATE_TZ |Spud Date Timezone |character varying(40)
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_timezone[R TIMEZONE] |

|R_TIMEZONE_ID |Timezone ID |integer
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_timezone[R TIMEZONE] |

|COMPLETION_DATE |Completion Date |timestamp | |COMPLETION DATE: Date on
the official filing or completion report

|DRILL_TD |Drill TD |numeric(18,9) | |DRILLERS TOTAL DEPTH: Total or
maximum depth of the wellbore as reported by the operator/ driller.

|PLUGBACK_DEPTH |Plug Back Depth |numeric(18,9) | |PLUGBACK DEPTH: Depth
of the point that the well/wellbore was plugged back to when setting the
casing or completing the well.

|KICK_OFF_DEPTH |Kick Off Depth |numeric(18,9) | |KICK_OFF DEPTH: the
depth in a vertical hole at which a deviated or slant hole is started;
used in directional drilling.

|WATER_DEPTH |Water Depth |numeric(18,9) | |WATER DEPTH: Depth of the
water at a well (measured from the water level to the mud line).

|PARENT_WELLB ORE_ID |Parent Wellbore ID |integer | |PARENT WELLBORE ID:
The parent wellbore ID from which the child wellbore is deviated.

|PARENT_WELLB ORE_UWI |Parent Wellbore UWI |character varying(50) |
|PARENT WELLBORE UWI: The parent wellbore UWI from which the child
wellbore is deviated.

|CURRENT_STATUS_ID |Current Status ID |integer
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_well_status[R WELL STATUS]
|CURRENT STATUS: The present status, renormalized from the status table.
Use only if needed.

|CURRENT_STATUS |Current Status |character varying(50)
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_well_status[R WELL STATUS]
|CURRENT STATUS: The present status, renormalized from the status table.
Use only if needed.

|CURRENT_STAT US_DATE |Wellbore Status Date |timestamp | |CURRENT STATUS
DATE: Date of the current status of the wellbore.

|FORMATION_AT_TD |Formation At TD |character varying(255) | |FORMATION
AT TOTAL DEPTH: The production formation at the total depth of the
wellbore.

|PLOT_SYMBOL |Well Symbol |character varying(40) | |PLOT SYMBOL: A
character or symbol used to represent well status. This may be a
particular mapping package coding scheme, or a pointer to other
application dependent files

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Row Changed By |character varying(100) | |Application
login id of the user who last changed the row

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Row Changed Date |timestamp | |ROW CHANGED DATE:
System date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_ BY |Row Created By |character varying(100) | |ROW CREATED
BY: System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_ DATE |Row Created Date |timestamp | |ROW CREATED DATE:
Date that the row was created on
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/wellbore.png[image]

=== Well Completion

*Table Name: well_completion*

WELL COMPLETION: The Well Completion table identifies the completion
activity in the wellbore. Since a wellbore may have multiple
completions, the completion observation number uniquely identifies each
occurrence.

[width="100%",cols="13%,11%,12%,32%,32%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Ref_Table* |*Description*
|WELL_COMPL ETION_ID |Well Completion ID |integer | |WELL COMPLETION ID:
The identifier to as the primary key for this row.

|WELL_COMPLETION_NAME |Well Completion Name |character varying(50) |
|WELL COMPLETION NAME: Name of well completion interval, and should be
unique.

|WELLBORE_ID |Wellbore ID |integer |link:#wellbore[WELLBORE] |UNIQUE
WELLBORE IDENTIFIER: A unique name, code or number designated for a
wellbore.

|WELLBORE_UWI |Wellbore UWI |character varying(50)
|link:#wellbore[WELLBORE] |UNIQUE WELLBORE IDENTIFIER: A unique name,
code or number designated for wellbore.

|COMPLETION_DATE |Completion Date |timestamp | |COMPLETION DATE: Start
or effective date of the well completion.

|COMPLETION_OBS_NO |Completion OBS No |integer | |COMPLETION OBSERVATION
NUMBER: A sequential observation number used to uniquely identify each
activity in a completed (perforated) interval.

|COMPLETION_TYPE_ID |Completion Type ID |integer
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_completion_type[R_COMPLETION_TYPE]
|COMPLETION TYPE: The type or method of well completion. For example
perforation, open hole, gravel pack or combination.

|COMPLETION_TYPE |Completion Type |character varying(40)
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_completion_type[R_COMPLETION_TYPE]
|COMPLETION TYPE: The type or method of well completion. For example
perforation, open hole, gravel pack or combination.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean | |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y/N flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active / valid
(Y) or inactive / invalid (N).

|EXPIRY_DATE |Expiry Date |timestamp | |EXPIRY DATE: The date that the
data in this row was no longer active or in effect.

|TOP_DEPTH |Top Depth |numeric(15,5) | |TOP DEPTH: Measured depth from
the surface to the top of the well completion.

|BASE_DEPTH |Base Depth |numeric(15,5) | |BASE DEPTH: Measured depth
from the surface to the base of the well completion activity.

|ZONE_ID |Zone ID |integer |link:#zone[ZONE] |ZONE ID: the identifier to
the zone

|ZONE_NAME |Zone Name |character varying(255) |link:#zone[ZONE] |ZONE
NAME: Full name of the zone.

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(255) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) | |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp | |ROW CHANGED DATE: System
date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) | |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp | |ROW CREATED DATE: Date
that the row was created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/well%20completion.png[image]

=== Well Perforation

*Table name: well_perforation*

WELL PERFORATION: The Well Perforations table contains detailed
perforation activity performed on a well. This is the puncturing of a
casing or liner which allows passage of fluid. A well completion may
contain many well perforations.

[width="100%",cols="13%,11%,12%,32%,32%",options="header",]
|===
|Column Name |Display Name |Data Type |Ref_Table |Description
|WELL_PERFORATION_ID |Well Perforation ID |integer | |WELL PERFORATION
ID: The identifier to as the primary key for this row.

|WELL_COMPLETION_ID |Well Completion ID |integer
|link:#well-completion[WELL COMPLETION] |WELL COMPLETION ID: The
identifier of the completion that perforations linked to.

|WELL_COMPLETION_NAME |Well Completion Name |character varying(50)
|link:#well-completion[WELL COMPLETION] |WELL COMPLETION NAME: Name of
well completion interval, and should be unique.

|PERFORATION_OBS_NO |Perforation OBS NO |integer | |PERFORATION
OBSERVATION NUMBER: Assigned number to uniquely identify a perforation
activity or interval in a well.

|PERFORATION_TYPE_ID |Perforation Type ID |integer
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_perforation_type[R PERFORATION
TYPE] |PERFORATION TYPE ID: The identifier of the perforation type.

|PERFORATION_TYPE |Perforation Type |character varying(50)
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_perforation_type[R PERFORATION
TYPE] |PERFORATION TYPE: A reference table identifying the type of
perforation method. For example bullet, jet or combination.

|PERFORATION_METHOD_ID |Perforation Method ID |integer
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_perforation_method[R PERFORATION
METHOD] |PERFORATION METHOD ID: The identifier of the perforation
method.

|PERFORATION_METHOD |Perforation Method |character varying(50)
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_perforation_method[R PERFORATION
METHOD] |PERFORATION METHOD: Code identifying the type of opening the
fluid entered through into the tubing (e.g., perforation, open hole,
combination, etc.).

|EXPIRY_DATE |Expiry Date |timestamp | |EXPIRY DATE: The date that the
data in this row was no longer active or in effect.

|TOP_DEPTH |Top Depth |numeric(15,5) | |TOP DEPTH: Measured depth from
the surface to the top of the perforations.

|TOP_ZONE_ID |Top Zone ID |integer |link:#zone[ZONE] |TOP ZONE UNIT
IDENTIFIER: unique identifier for the top zone unit.

|TOP_ZONE_NAME |Top Zone Name |character varying(255) |link:#zone[ZONE]
|TOP ZONE UNIT NAME: Top zone unit for perforation.

|BASE_DEPTH |Base Depth |numeric(15,5) | |BASE DEPTH: Measured depth
from the surface to the base of the perforations.

|BASE_ZONE_ID |Base Zone ID |integer |link:#zone[ZONE] |BASE ZONE UNIT
IDENTIFIER: unique identifier for the base zone unit.

|BASE_ZONE_NAME |Base Zone Name |character varying(255)
|link:#zone[ZONE] |BASE ZONE UNIT NAME: Base zone unit for perforation.

|PERFORATION_ANGLE |Perforation Angle |numeric(10,5) | |PERFORATION
ANGLE: For directional perforating this is the angle of perforations
expressed in degrees relative to north.

|PERFORATION_COUNT |Perforation Count |integer | |PERFORATION COUNT:
Total number of perforations or holes pierced through the casing or
liner.

|PERFORATION_DENSITY |Perforation Density |numeric(10,5) | |PERFORATION
DENSITY: Number of perforations used in combination with perforations
per unit. For example 8.5 shots per metre with 17 shots every 2 meters.

|PERFORATION_DIAMETER |Perforation Diameter |numeric(8,3) | |PERFORATION
DIAMETER: The size or diameter of the perforations.

|PERFORATION_PHASE |Perforation Phase |character varying(40) |
|PERFORATION PHASE: The angle separating perforations. For example 120
or 180

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean | |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y/N flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active / valid
(Y) or inactive / invalid (N).

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Row Changed By |character varying(100) | |ROW CHANGED
BY: Application login id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Row Changed Date |timestamp | |ROW CHANGED DATE:
System date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Row Created By |character varying(100) | |ROW CREATED
BY: System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Row Created Date |timestamp | |ROW CREATED DATE: Date
that the row was created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/well%20perforation.png[image]

=== Well Directional Survey

*Table Name: well_directional_survey*

WELL DIRECTIONAL SURVEY: The Well Directional Survey table contains
header information about directional surveys which have been performed
on a wellbore. This downhole survey charts the degree of departure of
the wellbore from vertical and the direction of departure. Since many
directional surveys can be conducted on a wellbore, the survey number is
included as part of the primary key to uniquely identify the survey.

[width="100%",cols="12%,10%,14%,29%,35%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Ref_Table* |*Description*
|WELL_DIR_ SRVY_ID |Well Dir Survey ID |integer | |WELL DIRECTIONAL
SURVEY IDENTIFIER: Number uniquely identifying this row of data.

|WELLBORE_ ID |Wellbore ID |integer |link:#wellbore[WELLBORE] |WELLBORE
ID: An auto generated database id for wellbore to be the primary key for
this row.

|WELLBORE_ UWI |Wellbore UWI |character varying(50)
|link:#wellbore[WELLBORE] |WELLBORE UNIQUE IDENTIFIER: A unique name,
code or number designated to the wellbore.

|SURVEY_RU N_NUM |Survey Run Number |integer | |SURVEY RUN NUMBER:
Survey Run Number, null in WELL_DIR_SRVY if multiple runs are
combined/composited. Run number is typically NOT explicitly stated on a
given directional survey report, but is often assigned when multiple
survey runs are evaluated, processes and/or composited.

|MD |MD |numeric(14, 4) | |MD: Depth measured along the borehole from
the Measurement Reference Datum to the survey station.

|TVD |TVD |numeric(14, 4) | |TVD: The true vertical depth at the
measured depth.

|AZIMUTH |Azimuth |numeric(14, 4) | |AZIMUTH: The Unprocessed or
Original azimuth at the measured depth of a tie point.

|INCLINATIO N |Inclination |numeric(14, 4) | |INCLINATION: The
inclination at the measured depth of a tie point.

|R_NORTH_ID |R North ID |integer
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_north[R NORTH] |R NORTH
IDENTIFIER: Number uniquely identifying the north type.

|AZIMUTH_N ORTH_TYPE |Azimuth North Type |character varying(40)
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_north[R NORTH] |AZIMUTH NORTH
TYPE: The North reference used to define AZIMUTH angular measurement
values stored in WELL_DIR_SRVY_STATION for this Directional Survey (UWI,
SURVEY_ID, SOURCE). For example, True North, Grid North, Magnetic North,
etc.

|SURVEY_START_DATE |Survey Start Date |datetime | |SURVEY START DATE:
Date the directional survey was conducted if the survey was started and
finished the same day, else the date that the survey was Started.
SURVEY_START_DATE must be Equal to or Earlier than SURVEY_END_DATE.
Recommended that both SURVEY_START_DATE and SURVEY_END_DATE are
populated, even if they are the same.

|SURVEY_END_DATE |Survey End Date |datetime | |SURVEY END DATE: Date the
directional survey was conducted if the survey was started and finished
the same day, else the date that the survey was completed.
SURVEY_START_DATE must be Equal to or Earlier than SURVEY_END_DATE.
Recommended that both SURVEY_START_DATE and SURVEY_END_DATE are
populated, even if they are the same.

|R_SURVEY_TYPE_ID |Survey Type ID |int | |SURVEY TYPE ID: Unique
identifier for the survey type.

|SURVEY_TYPE |Survey Type |varchar(30) | |SURVEY TYPE: Type of Tool or
Equipment used to acquire this Directional Survey. For example,
gyroscopic, magnetic, MWD, totco, acid bottle, etc.

|TOP_DEPTH |Top Depth |numeric(18,9) | |SURVEY TOP DEPTH: Measured depth
in wellbore where the directional survey starts.

|BASE_DEPTH |Base Depth |numeric(18,9) | |SURVEY BASE DEPTH: Measured
depth in borehole of the LAST surveyed station.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean | |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y or N flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active/valid
(TRUE) or inactive/invalid (FALSE).

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(200 0) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHAN GED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) | |Application
login id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHAN GED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp | |ROW CHANGED DATE: System
date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREA TED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) | |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREA TED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp | |ROW CREATED DATE: Date
that the row was created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/well%20dir%20survey.png[image]

=== Well Equipment

*Table Name: well_equipment*

WELL EQUIPMENT: A collection of the equipment that installed at the
well.

[width="100%",cols="17%,12%,15%,14%,42%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Ref_Table* |*Description*
|WELL_EQUIPMENT_ID |Well Equipment ID |integer | |WELL EQUIPMENT ID: The
identifier to as the primary key for this row.

|WELLBORE_ID |UWI |integer |link:#wellbore[WELLBORE] |UNIQUE WELLBORE
IDENTIFIER:A unique name, code or number designated to a wellbore.

|WELLBORE_UWI |Wellbore UWI |character varying(40)
|link:#wellbore[WELLBORE] |UNIQUE WELLBORE IDENTIFIER:A unique name,
code or number designated to a wellbore.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |Boolean | |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y/N flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active / valid
(Y) or inactive / invalid (N).

|INSTALL_DATE |Install Date |timestamp | |INSTALLED DATE: The date that
this piece of equipment was installed in a logical facility location.
Over time, a piece of equipment may be installed in more than one
logical location, or a logical location may have equipment replacements
or upgrades over time.

|REMOVE_DATE |Remove Date |timestamp | |REMOVE DATE: The date this piece
of equipment was removed from a logical facility location.

|INSTALL_TOP_DEPTH |Install Top Depth |numeric(15,5) | |INSTALLED TOP
DEPTH: The installed top depth for this peice of equipment.

|INSTALL_BASE_ DEPTH |Install Base Depth |numeric(15,5) | |INSTALLED
BASE DEPTH: The base depth for this piece of equipment.

|ID_EQUIPMENT |Inside Diameter |numeric(8,3) | |INSIDE DIAMETER:
Measurement of the inside diameter size of equipment.

|OD_EQUIPMENT |Outside Diameter |numeric(8,3) | |OUTSIDE DIAMETER:
Measurement of the outside diameter size of the equipment.

|ROW_CHANGED_ BY |Changed By |character varying(100) | |Application
login id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp | |ROW CHANGED DATE: System
date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_ BY |Created By |character varying(100) | |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREA TED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp | |ROW CREATED DATE: Date
that the row was created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/well_equipment.png[image]

=== Well ORG Unit

*Table Name: well_org_unit*

WELL ORG Unit: This table is used to record the well historical
relationship with org units.

[width="100%",cols="14%,11%,19%,14%,42%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Ref_Table* |*Description*
|WELL_ORG_UNIT_ID |Well ORG Unit ID |INTEGER | |WELL ORG UNIT ID: The
identifier to as the primary key for this row.

|WELL_ID |Well ID |INTEGER |link:#well[WELL] |WELL ID: The identifier of
the well.

|ORG_UNIT_ID |ORG Unit ID |INTEGER |link:#org-unit[ORG_UNIT] |ORG UNIT
ID: The identifier of the org unit that this row of facility belongs to

|EFFECTIVE_DATE |Effective Date |TIMESTAMP WITHOUT TIME ZONE |
|EFFECTIVE DATE: The date that the data in this row first came into
effect.

|EXPIRY_DATE |Expiry Date |TIMESTAMP WITHOUT TIME ZONE | |EXPIRY DATE:
The date that the data in this row was no longer active or in effect.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean | |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y/N flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active / valid
(TRUE) or inactive / invalid (FALSE).

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) | |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp | |ROW CHANGED DATE: System
date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) | |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp | |ROW CREATED DATE: Date
that the row was created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/well_org_unit.png[image]

=== Well Pool

*Table Name: well_pool*

WELL POOL: The well pool table contains the name of pools intersected by
one well.

[width="100%",cols="15%,12%,17%,10%,46%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Ref_Table* |*Description*
|WELL_POOL_ID |Well Pool Id |integer | |Primary key

|WELL_ID |Well Id |integer |link:#well[WELL] |Identify of well.

|POOL_ID |Pool Id |integer |link:#pool[POOL] |Identify of zone.

|TOP_MD |Top Md |numeric(10,5) | |Measured depth from the surface to the
top of the pool.

|BASE_MD |Base Md |numeric(10,5) | |Measured depth from the surface to
the base of the pool.

|TOP_TVD |Top Tvd |numeric(10,5) | |Measured depth from the surface to
the top of pool.

|BASE_TVD |Base Tvd |numeric(10,5) | |True vertical depth measured
straight down from the surface to the base of the pool.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean | |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y/N flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active / valid
(TRUE) or inactive / invalid (FALSE).

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) | |Narrative remarks about this
row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) | |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp | |ROW CHANGED DATE: System
date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) | |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp | |ROW CREATED DATE: Date
that the row was created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/well_pool.png[image]

=== Well Status

*Table Name: well_status*

WELL STATUS: The Well Status table contains an historical account of the
operating status of the well. The information may include the dates when
the well was completed , produced oil/gas, injected, or was plugged or
abandoned.

[width="100%",cols="11%,11%,14%,32%,32%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Ref_Table* |*Description*
|WELL_STATUS_ID |R Well Status ID |INTEGER | |WELL_STATUS_ID:The
identifier to as the primary key for this row.

|WELL_ID |Well ID |INTEGER |link:#Well[WELL] |WELL_ID:UNIQUE WELL
IDENTIFIER,A unique name, code or number designated as the primary key
for this row.

|R_WELL_STATUS_ID |R Well Status Type ID |INTEGER
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_well_status[R_WELL_STATUS]
|R_WELL_STATUS_ID: The type of status reported for the well. Can include
construction status, operating status, producing status, abandonment
status etc.

|R_SOURCE_ID |R Source ID |INTEGER
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_source[R_SOURCE] |R_SOURCE_ID:
The individual, company, state, or government agency designated as the
source of information for this row.

|EFFECTIVE_DATE |Effective Date |TIMESTAMP WITHOUT TIME ZONE |
|EFFECTIVE_DATE: The date that the data in this row first came into
effect.

|EXPIRY_DATE |Expiry Date |TIMESTAMP WITHOUT TIME ZONE | |EXPIRY_DATE:
The date that the data in this row was no longer active or in effect.

|REMARK |Remark |CHARACTER VARYING | |REMARK: Narrative remarks about
this row of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |BOOLEAN | |IS_ACTIVE:A True/False flag indicating
whether this row of data is currently either active / valid (True) or
inactive / invalid (False).

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Row Created By |CHARACTER VARYING | |ROW_CREATED_BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Row Created Date |TIMESTAMP WITHOUT TIME ZONE |
|ROW_CREATED_DATE: Date that the row was created on.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Row Changed Date |TIMESTAMP WITHOUT TIME ZONE |
|ROW_CHANGED_DATE: System date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Row Changed By |CHARACTER VARYING | |ROW_CHANGED_BY:
Application login id of the user who last changed the row.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:D:\Git%20Repositories\prdm-documents\docs\docs/images/well_status.png[image]

=== Well Tubular

*Table Name: well_tubular*

WELL TUBULAR: The Well Tubular table contains information on the
tubulars for the well. The tubulars can be tubing, casing or liners
which are run into the well. A tubing string is a continuous length of
pipe used to connect the producing interval in the well to the flow line
at the surface. A casing string is a continuous length of pipe used to
protect the walls of the well and to assist in interval isolation when
completing the well. The table identifies each tubular string used in a
single drilling phase of the well. Liners are used to prevent sand from
entering the wellbore.

[width="100%",cols="11%,11%,12%,33%,33%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Ref_Table* |*Description*
|WELL_TUBULAR_ID |Well Tubular ID |integer | |WELL TUBULAR ID: The
identifier to as the primary key for this row.

|WELLBORE_I D |Wellbore ID |integer |link:#wellbore[WELLBORE] |UNIQUE
WELL IDENTIFIER:A unique name, code or number designated to a well

|WELLBORE_ UWI |Wellbore UWI |character varying(40)
|link:#wellbore[WELLBORE] |UNIQUE WELLBORE IDENTIFIER:A unique name,
code or number designated to a wellbore.

|R_TUBULAR_TYPE_ID |Well Tubular Type ID |integer
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_tubular_type[R_TUBULAR_TYPE]
|TUBULAR TYPE: This reference table describes the particular type of
tubular or type. For example tubing, casing or liner. This is a general
classification. A more specific description can be found in
R_LINER_TYPE.

|TUBULAR_TYPE |Tubular Type |character varying(40)
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_tubular_type[R_TUBULAR_TYPE]
|TUBULAR TYPE: This reference table describes the particular type of
tubular or type. For example tubing, casing or liner. This is a general
classification. A more specific description can be found in
R_LINER_TYPE.

|R_COUPLING_TYPE_ID |Coupling Type ID |integer
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_coupling_type[R_COUPLING_TYPE]
|COUPLING TYPE: A short length of pipe used to connect two joints of
casing. A casing coupling has internal threads (female thread form)
machined to match the external threads (male thread form) of the long
joints of casing. The two joints of casing are threaded into opposite
ends of the casing coupling. Synonyms: casing collar (Schlumberger
Oilfield Glossary)

|COUPLING_TYPE |Coupling Type |character varying(40)
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_coupling_type[R_COUPLING_TYPE]
|COUPLING TYPE: A short length of pipe used to connect two joints of
casing. A casing coupling has internal threads (female thread form)
machined to match the external threads (male thread form) of the long
joints of casing. The two joints of casing are threaded into opposite
ends of the casing coupling. Synonyms: casing collar (Schlumberger
Oilfield Glossary)

|TUBULAR_IN |Tubular In Date |timestamp | |TUBULAR IN DATE: The date
when the tubular is run in hole.

|TUBULAR_OUT_DATE |Tubular Out Date |timestamp | |TUBULAR OUT DATE: The
date when the tubular is pulled out from the hole.

|TOP_DEPTH |Top Depth |numeric(1 5,5) | |TOP DEPTH: Measured depth from
the surface to the top of the well completion.

|BASE_DEPTH |Base Depth |numeric(1 5,5) | |BASE DEPTH: Measured depth
from the surface to the base of the well completion activity.

|INSIDE_DIAMETER |Inside Diameter |numeric(8, 3) | |INSIDE DIAMETER:
Measurement of the inside diameter size of the tubular bore/pipe.

|OUTSIDE_DIAMETER |Outside Diameter |numeric(8, 3) | |OUTSIDE DIAMETER:
Measurement of the outside diameter size of the tubular bore/pipe.

|TUBULAR_THICKNESS |Tubular Thickness |numeric(1 5,5) | |TUBULAR
THICKNESS: Measurement of the thickness of the tubular bore/pipe.

|JOINT_COUNT |Joint Count |integer | |JOINT COUNT: Total number of
joints in the string. A joint is a length of pipe, usually referring to
drill pipe, casing or tubing. While there are different standard
lengths, the most common drill pipe joint length is around 30 ft [9 m].
For casing, the most common length of a joint is 40 ft [12 m].
(schlumberger Oilfield Glossary).

|JOINT_LENGTH |Joint Length |numeric(1 5,5) | |JOINT LENGTH: The length
of each joint in the string. While there are different standard lengths,
the most common drillpipe joint length is around 30 ft [9 m]. For
casing, the most common length of a joint is 40 ft [12 m]. (schlumberger
Oilfield Glossary).

|ROUGHNESS |Roughness |numeric(1 5,5) | |ROUGHNESS: The absolute
roughness of the tubular.

|TUBULAR_DENSITY |Tubular Density |numeric(1 5,5) | |TUBULAR DENSITY:
Density measurement (mass per unit length) of the tubular.

|TUBULAR_GRADE |Tubular Grade |character varying(40) | |TUBULAR GRADE:
the tensile strength of the tubular material. A system of classifying
the material specifications for steel alloys used in the manufacture of
tubing.

|TUBULAR_STRENGTH |Tubular Strength |numeric(1 5,5) | |TUBULAR STRENGTH:
The axial load required to yield the pipe.

|TUBULAR_WEIGHT |Tubular Weight |numeric(1 5,5) | |TUBULAR WEIGHT:
Weight measurement of the tubular

|PACKER_SET_DEPTH |Packer Set Depth |numeric(1 5,5) | |PACKER SET DEPTH:
The depth the packer equipment was set to seal the casing or tubing.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean | |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y/N flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active / valid
(Y) or inactive / invalid (N).

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) | |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp | |ROW CHANGED DATE: System
date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) | |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp | |ROW CREATED DATE: Date
that the row was created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/well%20tubular.png[image]

=== Well Tubing Tally

*Table name: well_tubing_tally*

WELL TUBING TALLY: A list containing details of tubulars that have been
prepared for running, or that have been retrieved from the wellbore.
Each tubing joint is numbered and the corresponding length and other
pertinent details noted alongside.

[width="100%",cols="15%,13%,15%,18%,39%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Ref_Table* |*Description*
|WELL_TUBING_T ALLY_ID |Well Tubing Tally ID |integer | |The identifier
to as the primary key for this row.

|WELL_TUBING_ID |Well Tubing ID |integer |link:#well-tubular[WELL
TUBULAR] |The identifier of the tubing. It is from Well Tubular table,
and the tubular type is tubing relevant.

|WELLBORE_ID |Wellbore ID |integer |link:#wellbore[WELLBORE] |The number
generated from application.

|WELLBORE_UWI |Wellbore UWI |character varying(40)
|link:#wellbore[WELLBORE] |A unique name, code or number designated to a
wellbore.

|TUBING_IN_DATE |Tubing In Date |timestamp |link:#well-tubular[WELL
TUBULAR] |The date when the tubing is run in hole.

|JOINTS_SEQUENC E |Sequence |integer | |The sequence number of the joint
or joints run in the hole.

|JOINTS_COUNT |Joints Count |integer | |Total number of joints run in
the downhole..

|JOINTS_LENGTH |Joints Length |numeric(8,3) | |The length of joints run
in the downhole..

|CUM_JOINTS_LE NGTH |Cum Joints Length |numeric(8,3) | |The cumulative
length of joints run in the downhole..

|INSIDE_DIAMETE R |Inside Diameter |numeric(8,3) | |Measurement of the
inside diameter size of the tubular bore/pipe.

|OUTSIDE_DIAMET ER |Outside Diameter |numeric(8,3) | |Measurement of the
outside diameter size of the tubular bore/pipe.

|TUBING_GRADE |Tubing Grade |character varying(40) | |The tensile
strength of the tubular material.

|ROUGHNESS |Roughness |numeric(8,3) | |The absolute roughness of the
tubing.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean | |A Y/N flag indicating whether this row
of data is currently either active / valid (Y) or inactive /invalid (N).

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) | |:Narrative remarks about
this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_ BY |Changed By |character varying(100) | |Application
login id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_ DATE |Changed Date |timestamp | |System date of the last
time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_B Y |Created By |character varying(100) | |System user who
created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_ DATE |Created Date |timestamp | |Date that the row was
created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/well%20tubing%20tally.png[image]

=== Zone

*Table Name: zone*

ZONE: The ZONE table contains the name of a zone described in a field or
reservoir. A zone may be a regular or irregular belt, layer, band, or
strip of earth materials disposed horizontally, vertically,
concentrically or otherwise, and characterized as distinct from
surrounding parts by some particular property or content.

[width="100%",cols="14%,9%,17%,12%,48%",options="header",]
|===
|Column Name |Display Name |Data Type |Ref_Table |Description
|ZONE_ID |Zone ID |integer | |ZONE ID: The identifier to as the primary
key for this row.

|ZONE_NAME |Zone Name |character varying(255) | |ZONE NAME: Full name of
the zone.

|FIELD_ID |Field ID |integer |link:#field[FIELD] |FIELD IDENTIFIER: The
Identifier of the field.

|FIELD_NAME |Field Name |character varying(100) |link:#field[FIELD]
|FIELD NAME: The name of the FIELD. Must be unique among all FIELDS in
the system.

|LONG_NAME |Long Name |character varying(255) | |LONG NAME: The commonly
used long name of the zone.

|SHORT_NAME |Short Name |character varying(255) | |SHORT NAME: The
commonly used short name of the zone.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean | |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y/N flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active / valid
(Y) or inactive / invalid (N).

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) | |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp | |ROW CHANGED DATE: System
date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) | |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp | |ROW CREATED DATE: Date
that the row was created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/zone.png[image]

=== Well Zone

*Table name: well_zone*

WELL ZONE: The WELL ZONE table contains the name of a zone described in
a wellbore.

[width="100%",cols="13%,15%,12%,30%,30%",options="header",]
|===
|Column Name |Display Name |Data Type |Ref_Table |Description
|WELL_ZONE_ID |Well Zone ID |integer | |WELL ZONE ID: The identifier to
as the primary key for this row.

|WELLBORE_ID |Wellbore ID |integer |link:#wellbore[WELLBORE] |WELLBORE
ID: The id for wellbore to be the primary key for this wellbore.

|WELLBORE_UWI |Wellbore UWI |character varying(50)
|link:#wellbore[WELLBORE] |UNIQUE WELLBORE IDENTIFIER: A unique name,
code or number designated for wellbore.

|ZONE_ID |Zone ID |integer |link:#zone[ZONE] |ZONE ID: The identifier to
as the primary key for this row.

|ZONE_NAME |Zone Name |character varying(255) |link:#zone[ZONE] |ZONE
NAME: Full name of the zone.

|R_FLUID_TYPE_ID |Fluid Type ID |integer
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_fluid_type[R_FLUID_TYPE] |FLUID
TYPE IDENTIFIER: Unique identifier for the type of fluid.

|FLUID_TYPE |Fluid Type |character varying(50)
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_fluid_type[R_FLUID_TYPE] |FLUID
TYPE: Identifying the type of fluids or substances produced by a well or
used for various operations. For example oil, gas, mud or water.

|TOP_MD |Top MD |numeric(10,5) | |TOP MD: Measured depth from the
surface to the top of the zone.

|BASE_MD |Base MD |numeric(10,5) | |BASE MD: Measured depth from the
surface to the base of the zone.

|TOP_TVD |Top TVD |numeric(10,5) | |TOP TVD: Vertical depth from the
surface to the top of the zone.

|BASE_TVD |Base TVD |numeric(10,5) | |BASE TVD: Vertical depth from the
surface to the base of the zone.

|GROSS_PAY |Gross Pay |numeric(10,5) | |GROSS PAY: Value for the total
thickness of the zone, including non-producing portions, within a
specified overall formation interval.

|NET_PAY |Net Pay |numeric(10,5) | |NET PAY: Value for the cumulative
thickness of reservoir rock capable of producing commercial hydrocarbons
within a zone.

|NTG |NTG |numeric(10,5) | |NTG: The ratio of the net sandstone
thickness to the total sandstone thickness.

|POROSITY |Porosity |numeric(10,5) | |POROSITY: Volume or pore space in
the reservoir with a capacity for storing fluids as a percent.

|PERMEABILITY |Permeability |numeric(10,5) | |PERMEABILITY: The ability
or measurement of a rocks ability to transmit fluids.

|INITIAL_O_SAT |Initial Oil Saturation |numeric(10,5) | |INITIAL OIL
SATURATION: Oil saturation in the pore space as a percent.

|INITIAL_G_SAT |Initial Gas Saturation |numeric(10,5) | |INITIAL GAS
SATURATION: Gas saturation in the pore space as a percent.

|INITIAL_W_SAT |Initial Water Saturation |numeric(10,5) | |INITIAL WATER
SATURATION: Water saturation in the pore space as a percent.

|ORIGINAL_OIL_IN_PLACE |OOIP |numeric(15,5) | |ORIGINAL OIL IN PLACE:
The total volume of oil stored in this zone prior to production.

|ORIGINAL_GAS_IN_PLACE |OGIP |numeric(15,5) | |ORIGINAL GAS IN PLACE:
The total volume of gas stored in this zone prior to production.

|INITIAL_FORMATION_PRESS |Initial Formation Pressure |numeric(14,4) |
|INITIAL FORMATION PRESSURE: Value for the of pressure recorded during
the initial formation.

|INITIAL_FORMATION_TEMP |Initial Formation Temperature |numeric(14,4) |
|INITIAL FORMATION TEMPERATURE: Value for the of temperature recorded
during the initial formation.

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean | |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y/N flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active / valid
(Y) or inactive / invalid (N).

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) | |ROW CHANGED BY:
Application login id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp | |ROW CHANGED DATE: System
date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) | |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp | |ROW CREATED DATE: Date
that the row was created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/well%20zone.png[image]
