= Operational Data

Operational data includes data that regularly and frequently change such
as:

* Production data
* Well Activities – workover, recompletion, re-entry, etc.
* Well History-Well status history and production method history.

Production data is the key information that production engineers use as
the basis for analysis, evaluation and optimization. It is the
foundation data. Engineers needed to observe the production trend
periodically, to better understand the reservoir flow character, and
also to find the problems and opportunities to improve the ultimate
recovery.

Depending on the purpose of the measurement-and on regional or national
preferences - oil, gas, gas liquids and their products may be measured
in terms of volume, weight or thermal energy. For example:

* Petroleum engineers, particularly those working in the Western
Hemisphere, measure oil and gas volumes to answer questions like, ``How
much oil or gas do I have in my reservoir? How much can be produced
during the life of the field? What is the daily production rate?''
* In contrast, ship owners would want oil shipments to be measured in
weight to avoid overloading their tankers.
* Marketers, on the other hand, are interested in the value of the
products to their customers. When they sell oil and gas products for
fuel, they charge on the basis of thermal energy units rather than
volume or weight.

The production data is not measured day by day (except the real time
data). It always is calculated by the data measurement from oil and gas
metering station. The oil and gas metering station is a hub that
connects several oil wells and measures oil and gas production for each
well in order. The well test data is for the measurements from the oil
and gas meter station.

In data base of PDM365, the production data, injection data and the
relevant operational data, well production test data will be stored. The
production data need be updated continuously and customers always can
connect the data base to get the most current production data.

The PDM definition of the production data are as follows:

* Periodically measured production and injection volumes – daily and
monthly
* Planning data- Well Production Plan data
* Test Data - Well Test Data (Flow, Pump)
* Aggregate Data from real time data-Well Production Aggregate
* CSS and CWI well production data-Well Cycle production data

Others are in Progress….

* Production Profile Test Data
* ESP/Rod Pump/PCP Measure Data
* Pipeline Measure Data
* Test Data-Temperature/Pressure

=== Pressure Temperature

*Table Name: pressure_temperature*

PRESSURE_TEMPERATURE: The pressure and temperature conditions of the
measurement have a profound impact on the underlying ``value'' of the
measurement. This table is used to store the reference conditions for
pressure and temperature. The conditions is extensible, allowing for
local measurement condition standards to be used.

[width="100%",cols="17%,16%,16%,9%,42%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Ref_Table* |*Description*
|PRESSURE_TEMPRATURE_ID |Pressure Temperature ID |VARCHAR2 | |PRESSURE
TEMPRATURE ID: Row Identifier

|TEMPRATURE |Temperature |NUMBER | |TEMPERATURE: Specified the value for
standard Temperature for Volumes.

|PRESSURE |Pressure |NUMBER | |PRESSURE: Specified the value for
standard Pressure for Volumes

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean | |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y or N flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active/valid
(TRUE) or inactive/invalid (FALSE).

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) | |ROW CHANGED BY:
Application login id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp | |ROW CHANGED DATE: System
date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) | |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DA TE |Created Date |timestamp | |ROW CREATED DATE: Date
that the row was created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/pressure_temperature.png[image]

=== Product Decline Forecast

*Table Name: product_decline_forecast*

PROD DECLINE FORECAST: This table contains the information of an entire
forecast. such as what entity forecast for,a well, pool, zone or
completion. what scenario it is belonging to, and what method is used.
Effective/Expiry date for each forecast to clarify when this forecast is
valid, and not valid.

[width="100%",cols="15%,12%,13%,30%,30%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Ref_Table* |*Description*
|PROD_DECLINE_FORECAST_ID |Prod Decline Forecast Id |INTEGER | |Primary
Key Row identifier for current row

|PROD_ENTITY_ID |Prod Entity Id |INTEGER
|link:#reporting-entity[REPORTING ENTITY] |Foreign key associating PROD
DECLINE FORECAST and REPORTING ENTITY

|SCENARIO_ID |Scenario Id |INTEGER
|link:/data-footprint/master-data/#scenario[SCENARIO] |The scenario
assigned for this row of data.

|R_DECLINE_METHOD_ID |R Decline Method Id |INTEGER
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_decline_method[R DECLINE METHOD]
|foreign key associating PROD DECLINE FORECAST and R DECLINE METHOD

|EFFECTIVE_DATE |Effective Date |TIMESTAMP WITHOUT TIME ZONE | |The date
that the data in this row first came into effect.

|EXPIRY_DATE |Expiry Date |TIMESTAMP WITHOUT TIME ZONE | |The date that
the data in this row was no longer active or in effect.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean | |A Y or N flag indicating whether this
row of data is currently either active/valid (TRUE) or inactive/invalid
(FALSE).

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) | |Narrative remarks about this
row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) | |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp | |System date of the last
time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) | |System user who
created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DA TE |Created Date |timestamp | |ROW CREATED DATE: Date
that the row was created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/prod_decline_forcast.png[image]

=== Product Decline Forecast Class

*Table Name: product_decline_forecast_class*

PROD DECLINE FORECAST CLASS: This table holds the individual segment
parameter sets, along with the summary data for each segment.

[width="99%",cols="17%,14%,11%,29%,29%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Ref_Table* |*Description*
|PROD_DECLINE_FORECAST_CLASS_ID |Prod Decline Forecast Class Id |INTEGER
| |Primary Key row identifier

|PROD_DECLINE_FORECAST_ID |Prod Decline Forecast Id |INTEGER
|link:#product-decline-forecast[PROD DECLINE FORECAST] |The identifier
of the forecast for this row of data. It is a foreign Key associating
with PROD DECLINE FORECAST table.

|R_FORECAST_CLASS_ID |R Forecast Class Id |INTEGER
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_forecast_class[R FORECAST CLASS]
|These classes may define class of the forecast of state.

|R_FORECAST_CLASS_TYPE_ID |R Forecast Class Type Id |INTEGER | |The
class type that can be defined for some forecast classes.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean | |A Y or N flag indicating whether this
row of data is currently either active/valid (TRUE) or inactive/invalid
(FALSE).

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) | |Narrative remarks about this
row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) | |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp | |System date of the last
time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) | |System user who
created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DA TE |Created Date |timestamp | |Date that the row was
created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/prod_decline_forcast_class.png[image]

=== Product Decline Method Parm

*Table Name: product_decline_method_parm*

PROD DECLINE METHOD PARM: Use this table to capture the parameter
settings for specific forecast segment.

[width="100%",cols="16%,13%,11%,30%,30%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Ref_Table* |*Description*
|PROD_DECLINE_METHOD_PARM_ID |Prod Decline Method Parm Id |INTEGER |
|Primary key row identifier for current row.

|PROD_DECLINE_SEGMENT_ID |Prod Decline Segment Id |INTEGER
|link:#product-decline-segment[PROD DECLINE SEGMENT] |The foreign key
against the production decline segment.

|R_DECLINE_PARM_ID |R Decline Parm Id |INTEGER
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_decline_parm[R DECLINE PARM]
|The decline parameters be used on the production forecast.

|VALUE |Value |NUMERIC | |Common long name given to reference type or
code.

|VALUE_UOM |Value Uom |CHARACTER VARYING | |Common short name given to
reference type or code.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean | |A Y or N flag indicating whether this
row of data is currently either active/valid (TRUE) or inactive/invalid
(FALSE).

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) | |Narrative remarks about this
row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) | |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp | |System date of the last
time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) | |System user who
created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DA TE |Created Date |timestamp | |Date that the row was
created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/prod_decline_method_parm.png[image]

=== Product Decline Segment

*Table Name: product_decline_segment*

PROD DECLINE SEGMENT: This table holds the individual segment parameter
sets, along with the summary data for each segment.

[width="100%",cols="17%,14%,13%,28%,28%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Ref_Table* |*Description*
|PROD_DECLINE_SEGMENT_ID |Prod Decline Segment Id |INTEGER | |Primary
key row identifier for current row.

|PROD_DECLINE_FORECAST_ID |Prod Decline Forecast Id |INTEGER
|link:#product-decline-forecast[PROD DECLINE FORECAST] |The identifier
of the forecast for this row of data. It is a foreign Key associating
with PROD DECLINE FORECAST table.

|SEGMENT_SEQUENCE |Segment Sequence |INTEGER | |The sequence to label
the segment number of one forecast.

|R_PRODUCT_ID |R Product Id |INTEGER
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_reporting_product[R REPORTING
PRODUCT] |Foreast product of the forecast

|START_DATE |Start Date |TIMESTAMP WITHOUT TIME ZONE | |Start date for
this decline segment.

|END_DATE |End Date |TIMESTAMP WITHOUT TIME ZONE | |End date for this
decline segment.

|R_DECLINE_CURVE_TYPE_ID |R Decline Curve Type Id |INTEGER
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_decline_curve_type[R DECLINE
CURVE TYPE] |The type of decline curve that is used in decline curve
forecast calculations such as exponential, harmonic, hyperbolic, linear,
etc.

|R_DECLINE_TYPE_ID |R Decline Type Id |INTEGER
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_decline_type[R DECLINE TYPE]
|The type of decline that is used in decline curve forecast calculations
such as nominal or effective percentatge.

|R_RATIO_FLUID_TYPE_ID |R Ratio Fluid Type Id |INTEGER
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_ratio_fluid_type[R RATIO FLUID
TYPE] |The type of ratio fluid that is used in decline curve forecast
calculations for GOR, YIELD, etc.

|R_RATIO_CURVE_TYPE_ID |R Ratio Curve Type Id |INTEGER
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_ratio_fluid_type[R RATIO FLUID
TYPE] |The type of ratio curve that is used in decline curve forecast
calculations such as linear, semi-log, log-log, etc.

|PARENT_PROD_DECLINE_SEGMENT_ID |Parent Prod Decline Segment Id |INTEGER
|link:#prod-decline-segment[PROD DECLINE SEGMENT] |When forecast the
secondary phase, this is used to identify the parent major phase
forecast segment.

|VOLUME |Volume |NUMERIC | |Total volume for this decline segment.

|VOLUME_UOM |Volume Uom |CHARACTER VARYING | |Volume original units of
measure.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean | |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y or N flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active/valid
(TRUE) or inactive/invalid (FALSE).

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) | |ROW CHANGED BY:
Application login id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp | |ROW CHANGED DATE: System
date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) | |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DA TE |Created Date |timestamp | |ROW CREATED DATE: Date
that the row was created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/prod_decline_segment.png[image]

=== Product Volume Summary

*Table Name: product_volume_summary*

PRODUCT_VOLUME_SUMMARY: A summary of reported volumes for different
types of fluids over a specified time period.

[width="100%",cols="15%,16%,13%,28%,28%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Ref_Table* |*Description*
|PRODUCT_VOLUME_SUMMARY_ID |Product Volume Summary ID |INTEGER |
|Primary Key Identifier

|REPORTING_ENTITY_ID |Reporting Entity ID |INTEGER
|link:#reporting-entity[REPORTING_ENTITY] |REPROTING ENTITY ID:
Reporting Entity Id that production data reported against

|START_DATE |Start Date |TIMESTAMP WITHOUT TIME ZONE | |STARD DATE:
Start Date of Volume reported against Entity

|END_DATE |End Date |TIMESTAMP WITHOUT TIME ZONE | |END DATE: End Date
of Volume reported against Entity

|R_PERIOD_KIND_ID |R Period Kind ID |INTEGER
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_period_kind[R_PERIOD_KIND]
|PERIOD KIND ID: Reporting Period Type for the volume reported. Monthly,
daily ETC. Refrenced table to this field is R PERIOD KIND

|R_REPORTING_FLOW_ID |R Reporting Flow ID |INTEGER
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_reporting_flow[R_REPORTING_FLOW]
|REPORTING FLOW ID: Reporting flow for the volme reported

|R_REPORTING_PRODUCT_ID |R Reporting Product ID |INTEGER
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_reporting_product[R_REPORTING_PRODUCT]
|REPORTING PRODUCT ID: Product for which the volume is reported

|R_QUANTITY_METHOD_ID |Product R Quantity Method ID |INTEGER
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_quantity_method[R_QUANTITY_METHOD]
|QUANTITY METHOD: Quantity/Volume method used for reported volume

|AMENDMENT_SEQ_NO |Quantity Method Amendment Seq No |INTEGER |
|AMENDMENT SEQUENCE NUMBER: used to order amendment events for
production volumes. For each PDEN, volume method, activity type, period
type and volume date, the first row is 0. Subsequent rows are sequenced
by 1, so that the full amendment history may be recreated. When
supporting amendments, rows are usually not editable once entered.
Instead, new rows are created that track the amended record.

|SCENARIO_ID |Scenario ID |INTEGER | |SCENARIO ID: The senario assigned
for this row of data.

|VOLUME |Volume |NUMBER | |VOLUME: The volume of the product measured.

|VOLUME_UOM |Volume Uom |CHARACTER VARYING | |VOLUME UNIT OF
MEASUREMENT: Measurement unit used for reported volume

|PRESSURE_TEMPRATURE_ID |Pressure Temperature ID |INTEGER | |PRESSRUE
AND TEMPERATURE: Standard Pressure and temperature condition applied on
volume reported

|MASS |Mass |NUMBER | |MASS: The mass of the product measured, used in
some areas instead of volumes

|MASS_UOM |Mass Uom |CHARACTER VARYING | |MASS UNIT OF MEASUREMENT: The
unit used for the mass measurement.

|ENERGY |Energy |NUMBER | |ENERGY: The amount of the energy produced.

|ENERGY_UOM |Energy Uom |CHARACTER VARYING | |ENERGY UNIT OF
MEASUREMENT: The unit used for the energy.

|R_AMEND_REASON_ID |R Amend Reason ID |VARCHAR2 | |AMENDMENT REASON: The
reason why a production amendment was posted, such as instrument
calibration, calculation error or volume balancing.

|MOLES |Amend Reason |CHARACTER VARYING | |MOLES: The molecular mass of
the molecule in this row.

|MOLSE_UOM |Molse Uom |CHARACTER VARYING | |MOLES UNIT OF MEASUREMENT:
The unit used for the moles measurement.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean | |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y or N flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active/valid
(TRUE) or inactive/invalid (FALSE).

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) | |ROW CHANGED BY:
Application login id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp | |ROW CHANGED DATE: System
date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) | |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DA TE |Created Date |timestamp | |ROW CREATED DATE: Date
that the row was created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/product_volume_summary.png[image]

=== Reporting Entity

*Table Name: reporting_entity*

REPORTING_ENTITY: This Table represents reporting entity against which
production data will be reported (ex.
Lease,Well,Wellbore,Company,reservoir Etc.).This table will only be a
placeholder for the actual data of entity and will be linked with actual
data tables (Ex. Well) of entity in case complete iformation required
for entity.

[width="100%",cols="15%,12%,11%,31%,31%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Ref_Table* |*Description*
|REPORTING_ENTITY_ID |Reporting Entity ID |INTEGER | |REPORTING ENTITY
ID : Identifier of this Row. It is the Primary key of REPORTING ENTITY
table

|R_REPORTINGENTITY_KIND_ID |R Reportingentity Kind ID |CHARACTER VARYING
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_reporting_entity_kind[R_REPORTING_ENTITY_KIND]
|R REPORTINGENTITY KIND ID : Primary key of REPORTING ENTITY KIND. Using
this ID kind of reporting Entity can be identified

|ASSOCIATED_OBJECT_ID |Associated Object ID |INTEGER | |ASSOCIATED
OBJECT ID: Reference ID to the Actual data of Entity . Ex. WELL ,Company
, Lease, Reservoir Etc. using this Associated Object id and kind of
reporting entity complete information of reporting entity can be
identified

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean | |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y or N flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active/valid
(TRUE) or inactive/invalid (FALSE).

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) | |ROW CHANGED BY:
Application login id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp | |ROW CHANGED DATE: System
date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) | |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DA TE |Created Date |timestamp | |ROW CREATED DATE: Date
that the row was created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/reporting_entity.png[image]

=== Rpen Allocation Factor

*Table Name: rpen_allocation_factor*

RPEN_ALLOCATION_FACTOR: This table represents a factor used in
calculations to allocate production from one entity to another.

[width="100%",cols="15%,12%,13%,30%,30%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Ref_Table* |*Description*
|RPEN_ALLOCATION_FACTOR_ID |Rpen Allocation Factor ID |INTEGER | |RPEN
ALLOCATION FACTOR ID: Primary Key Row Identifier

|TO_REPORTING_ENTITY_ID |To Reporting Entity ID |INTEGER
|link:#reporting-entity[REPORTING_ENTITY] |PRODUCTION ENTITY IDENTIFIER:
An identifier that is unique within a specific production entity source
and type.

|FROM_REPORTING_ENTITY_ID |From Reporting Entity ID |INTEGER
|link:#reporting-entity[REPORTING_ENTITY] |PRODUCTION ENTITY IDENTIFIER:
An identifier that is unique within a specific production entity source
and type.

|R_REPORTING_PRODUCT_ID |R Reporting Product ID |INTEGER
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_reporting_product[R_REPORTING_PRODUCT]
|REPORTING PRODUCT ID: Product for which the volume is reported

|R_REPORTING_FLOW_ID |R Reporting Flow ID |INTEGER
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_reporting_flow[R_REPORTING_FLOW]
|REPORTING FLOW ID: Reporting flow for the volme reported

|ALLOCATION_FACTOR |Allocation Factor |NUMBER | |ALLOCATION FACTOR: A
factor that is used in calculations to allocate production from one
entity to another.

|R_ALLOCATION_TYPE_ID |R Allocation Type ID |INTEGER
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_allocation_type[R_ALLOCATION_TYPE]
|ALLOCATION TYPE REFERENCE: The type of allocation factor that is used
in calculations to attribute (allocate) a measured movement of fluid to
a number of production entities.

|CALCULATED_FROM |Calculated From |CHARACTER VARYING | |CALCULATED FROM:
The method used to derive the allocation factor.

|EFFECTIVE_DATE |Effective Date |TIMESTAMP WITHOUT TIME ZONE |
|ALLOCATION EFFECTIVE DATE: The date that this allocation factor becomes
effecti ve.

|EXPIRY_DATE |Expiry Date |TIMESTAMP WITHOUT TIME ZONE | |ALLOCATION
EXPIRY DATE: The date that this allocation factor is no longer in
effect.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean | |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y or N flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active/valid
(TRUE) or inactive/invalid (FALSE).

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) | |ROW CHANGED BY:
Application login id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp | |ROW CHANGED DATE: System
date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) | |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DA TE |Created Date |timestamp | |ROW CREATED DATE: Date
that the row was created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/rpen_allocation_factor.png[image]

=== Well Test

*Table Name: well_test*

WELL TEST: The well test table contains descriptive information
concerning test date, test time duration, test location, test type and
test validation general data information for a well test.

[width="100%",cols="14%,12%,12%,31%,31%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Ref_Table* |*Description*
|WELL_TEST_ID |Well Test ID |INTEGER | |WELL TEST ID: Primary key Row
identifier for current row.

|REPORTING_ENTITY_ID |Reporting Entity ID |INTEGER
|link:#reporting-entity[REPORTING_ENTITY] |REPORTING ENTITY ID: The well
or wellbore, well completion reference information for this well test.

|START_DATE |Start Date |DATETIME | |START DATE: Start date of the test
was conducted.

|END_DATE |End Date |DATETIME | |END DATE: End date of the test was
conducted.

|TEST_DURATION |Test Duration |NUMBER | |TEST DURATION: Duration of time
required to conduct the production test.

|R_TIMEZONE_ID |R Timezone ID |INTEGER
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_timezone[R_TIMEZONE] |R TIMEZONE
ID: The identifier to a timezone.

|R_WELL_TEST_TYPE_ID |R Well Test Type ID |INTEGER
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_well_test_type[R_WELL_TEST_TYPE]
|WELL TEST TYPE ID: Identifies the general type of test used to evaluate
the potential of the well. For example, production flow test, multirate
test and so on.

|PRESSURE_TEMPERATURE_ID |Pressure Temperature ID |INTEGER | |PRESSRUE
AND TEMPERATURE ID: Standard Pressure and temperature condition applied
on the well test volume.

|TEST_DEVICE |Test Device |CHARACTER VARYING | |TEST DEVICE: Identifier
for the test device being used to conduct the test, such as a test
separator, MPFM, tank, etc.

|TEST_BY |Test By |CHARACTER VARYING | |TEST BY: Identifier of the
organization (service company, operator, etc.) that was responsible for
conducting the well test.

|IS_VALIDATED |Is Validated |BOOLEAN | |IS VALIDATE:A flag which is to
be set if this test is validated and therefore able to used in processes
such as production allocation

|R_VALIDATE_RESULT_ID |R Validate Result ID |INTEGER
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_validate_result[R_VALIDATE_RESULT]
|VALIDATE RESULT ID: Specify well test validation results, such as
failed, passed, passed with changes, or unknown.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean | |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y or N flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active/valid
(TRUE) or inactive/invalid (FALSE).

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) | |ROW CHANGED BY:
Application login id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp | |ROW CHANGED DATE: System
date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) | |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DA TE |Created Date |timestamp | |ROW CREATED DATE: Date
that the row was created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/well_test.png[image]

=== Well Test Allocation Factor

*Table Name: well_test_allocation_factor*

WELL TEST ALLOCATION FACTOR: This table is used to record the allocation
factor for each product phase relative to the overall volume of the
test.

[width="100%",cols="17%,14%,13%,28%,28%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Ref_Table* |*Description*
|WELL_TEST_ALLOCATION_FACTOR_ID |Well Test Allocation Factor ID |INTEGER
| |WELL TEST ALLOCATION FACTOR ID: Primary key Row identifier for
current row.

|WELL_TEST_ID |Well Test ID |INTEGER |link:#well-test[WELL_TEST] |WELL
TEST ID: Foreign key associating Well Test.

|R_PRODUCT_ID |R Product ID |INTEGER
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_test_product[R_TEST_PRODUCT] |R
PRODUCT ID: Foreign key associating product kind.

|TO_ENTITY_ID |To Entity ID |INTEGER
|link:#reporting-entity[REPORTING_ENTITY] |TO ENTITY ID: The wellbore ID
or well completion ID which this allocation factor used for.

|ALLOCATION_FACTOR |Allocation Factor |NUMBER | |ALLOCATION FACTOR: A
factor that is used in calculations to allocate production from one
entity to another.

|EFFECTIVE_DATE |Effective Date |TIMESTAMP WITHOUT TIME ZONE |
|ALLOCATION EFFECTIVE DATE: The date that this allocation factor becomes
effective.

|EXPIRY_DATE |Expiry Date |TIMESTAMP WITHOUT TIME ZONE | |ALLOCATION
EXPIRY DATE: The date that this allocation factor is no longer in
effect.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean | |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y or N flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active/valid
(TRUE) or inactive/invalid (FALSE).

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_B Y |Changed By |character varying(100) | |ROW CHANGED BY:
Application login id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_ DATE |Changed Date |timestamp | |ROW CHANGED DATE: System
date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_B Y |Created By |character varying(100) | |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_D ATE |Created Date |timestamp | |ROW CREATED DATE: Date
that the row was created on.

| | | | |

| | | | |
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/well_test_allocation_factor.png[image]

=== Well Test Flow Measurement

*Table Name: well_test_flow_measurement*

WELL TEST FLOW MEASUREMENT: This table is used to record the volume and
rate of each product kind, which is measured on the stable flow stage of
well test.

[width="100%",cols="17%,14%,11%,29%,29%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Ref_Table * |*Description*
|WELL_TEST_FLOW_MEASUREMENT_ID |Well Test Flow Measurement ID |INTEGER |
|WELL_TEST_FLOW_MEASUREMENT_ID: Primary key Row identifier for current
row

|WELL_TEST_FLOW_PERIOD_ID |Well Test Flow Period ID |INTEGER
|link:#well-test-flow-period[WELL_TEST_FLOW_PERIOD]
|WELL_TEST_FLOW_PERIOD_ID: foreign key associating Well Test flow
Measurements with well test flow period.

|R_FLOW_KIND_ID |R Flow Kind ID |INTEGER
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_reporting_flow[R_REPORTING_FLOW]
|R_FLOW_KIND_ID: The flow kind of this row of flow product measurement.

|R_PRODUCT_ID |R Product ID |INTEGER
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_test_product[R_TEST_PRODUCT]
|R_PRODUCT_ID: The product reference of this row of flow measurement.

|RATE |Rate |NUMBER | |RATE: The rate of the product measured during
this well test period.

|RATE_UOM |Rate UOM |CHARACTER VARYING | |RATE UNIT OF MEASUREMENT: The
rate unit of the product measured during this well test period.

|VOLUME |Volume |NUMBER | |VOLUME: The volume of the product measured
during this well test period.

|VOLUME_UOM |Volume UOM |CHARACTER VARYING | |VOLUME UNIT OF
MEASUREMENT: Measurement unit used for reported volume

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean | |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y or N flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active/valid
(TRUE) or inactive/invalid (FALSE).

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) | |ROW CHANGED BY:
Application login id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp | |ROW CHANGED DATE: System
date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) | |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp | |ROW CREATED DATE: Date
that the row was created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/well_test_flow_measurement.png[image]

=== Well Test Flow Period

*Table Name: well_test_flow_period*

WELL TEST FLOW PERIOD: This tables is used to describe how many period
in this whole well test job, and its basic information for datetime of
each individual period.

[width="100%",cols="19%,15%,14%,14%,38%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Ref_Table * |*Description*
|WELL_TEST_FLOW_PERIOD_ID |Well Test Flow Period ID |INTEGER | |WELL
TEST FLOW PERIOD ID: Primary key Row identifier for current row

|WELL_TEST_ID |Well Test ID |INTEGER |link:#well-test[WELL_TEST] |WELL
TEST ID: Identify well test associated with current flow period.

|FLOW_PERIOD |Flow Period |INTEGER | |FLOW PERIOD: The different test
period for one complete well test circle.

|START_DATE |Start Date |DATETIME | |START DATE: Start date of the test
period was conducted.

|END_DATE |End Date |DATETIME | |END DATE: End date of the test period
was conducted.

|TEST_DURATION |Test Duration |NUMBER | |TEST DURATION: Duration of time
required to conduct the production test.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean | |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y or N flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active/valid
(TRUE) or inactive/invalid (FALSE).

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) | |ROW CHANGED BY:
Application login id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp | |ROW CHANGED DATE: System
date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) | |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp | |ROW CREATED DATE: Date
that the row was created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/well_test_flow_period.png[image]

=== Well Test Measurement

*Table Name: well_test_measurement*

WELL TEST MEASUREMENT: This table is used to record measured properties
those are not relevant with product kind on the stable flow stage of
well test,such as pressure, temperature.

[width="100%",cols="14%,12%,12%,31%,31%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Ref_Table * |*Description*
|WELL_TEST_MEASUREMENT_ID |Well Test Measurement ID |INTEGER | |WELL
TEST MEASUREMENT ID:Primary key Row identifier for current row.

|WELL_TEST_FLOW_PERIOD_ID |Well Test Flow Period ID |INTEGER
|link:#well-test-flow-period[WELL_TEST_FLOW_PERIOD] |WELL TEST FLOW
PERIOD ID: foreign key associating Well Test Measurements with well test
flow period.

|R_MEASUREMENT_ID |R Measurement ID |INTEGER
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r-measurement[R_MEASUREMENT]
|MEASUREMENT REFERENCE: The associated measurement id for this row of
data.

|VALUE |Value |NUMBER | |VALUE: The value for this row of measurement.

|VALUE_OUM |Value OUM |CHARACTER VARYING | |VALUE UNIT OF MEASUREMENT:
The unit of the measurement value.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean | |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y or N flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active/valid
(TRUE) or inactive/invalid (FALSE).

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) | |ROW CHANGED BY:
Application login id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp | |ROW CHANGED DATE: System
date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) | |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp | |ROW CREATED DATE: Date
that the row was created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/well_test_measurement.png[image]

=== Well Activity

*Table Name: well_activity*

WELL ACTIVITY: Use this table to track all activities and events in a
well or well bore, including daily operations, downtime, production,
operational or milestone events. Time and depth of the activity may be
tracked.

[width="100%",cols="14%,12%,12%,31%,31%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Ref_Table* |*Description*
|WELL_ACTIVITY_ ID |Well Activity ID |integer | |WELL ACTIVITY ID: The
identifier to as the primary key for this row.

|WELL_ID |Well ID |integer |link:/data-footprint/master-data/#well[WELL]
|WELL ID: The identifier to as the primary key for this row.

|UWI |UWI |character varying(50)
|link:/data-footprint/master-data/#well[WELL] |UNIQUE WELL IDENTIFIER: A
unique name, code or number designated.

|START_DATE |Start Date |timestamp | |START DATE: The date that this
activity or event started or was begun.

|END_DATE |End Date |timestamp | |END DATE: The date that this event or
activity ended or was completed.

|R_ACTIVITY_TYP E_ID |R Activity Type ID |integer
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_activity_type[R_ACTIVITY_TYPE]
|ACTIVITY TYPE: The type of activity that is tracked, such as drilling,
testing, coring, tubing, etc. May be any kind of activity related to
well operations.

|ACTIVITY_TYPE |Activity Type |character varying(40)
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_activity_type[R_ACTIVITY_TYPE]
|ACTIVITY TYPE: The type of activity that is tracked, such as drilling,
testing, coring, tubing, etc. May be any kind of activity related to
well operations.

|DOWNTIME_HO URS |Downtime Hours |numeric(10,5) | |DOWNTIME HOURS: the
total down time of this event or status.

|R_DOWNTIME_ TYPE_ID |R Downtime Type ID |integer
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_downtime_type[R_DOWNTIME_TYPE]
|DOWNTIME TYPE: The type of downtime experienced during a well operation
or event.

|DOWNTIME_TYPE |Downtime Type |character varying(40)
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_downtime_type[R_DOWNTIME_TYPE]
|DOWNTIME TYPE: The type of downtime experienced during a well operation
or event.

|R_EVENT_SUB_ CATEGORY_ID |R Event Sub Category ID |integer
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_event_sub_category[R_EVENT_SUB_CATEGOR
Y] |EVENT SUB CATEGORY: The sub type of this event, such as subtypes of
Acid/Fracture, when Acid is one of the categories. And Stimulation is
one of the types.

|EVENT_SUB_CA TEGORY |Event Sub Category |character varying(40)
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_event_sub_category[R_EVENT_SUB_CATEGOR
Y] |EVENT SUB CATEGORY: The sub type of this event, such as subtypes of
Acid/Fracture, when Acid is one of the categories. And Stimulation is
one of the types.

|BASE_DEPTH |Base Depth |numeric(15,5) | |BASE DEPTH: The base depth at
which this event or status occurred.

|TOP_DEPTH |Top Depth |numeric(15,5) | |TOP DEPTH: The top depth for
this event or status.

|LOST_VOLUME_ OIL |Lost Oil Volume |numeric(14,4) | |LOST OIL VOLUME:
The oil product lost volumes are measured.

|LOST_VOLUME_ GAS |Lost Gas Volume |numeric(14,4) | |LOST GAS VOLUME:
The gas product lost volumes are measured.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean | |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y/N flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active / valid
(TRUE) or inactive / invalid (FALSE).

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(30) | |ROW CHANGED BY:
Application login id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_ DATE |Changed Date |timestamp | |ROW CHANGED DATE: System
date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_ BY |Created By |character varying(100) | |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_ DATE |Created Date |timestamp | |ROW CREATED DATE: Date
that the row was created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/well%20activity.png[image]

=== Well Production Method History

*Table Name: well_prod_method_history*

WELL PRODUCTION METHOD HISTORY: Contains an historical account of the
production method of the well.

[width="100%",cols="16%,13%,11%,30%,30%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Ref_Table* |*Description*
|WELL_PROD_METHO D_HISTORY_ID |Well Prod Method History ID |integer |
|WELL PRODUCTION METHOD HISTORY ID: The identifier to as the primary key
for this row.

|UWI |UWI |character varying(50) | |UNIQUE WELL IDENTIFIER: A unique
name, code or number designated.

|EFFECTIVE_DATE |Effective Date |timestamp | |EFFECTIVE DATE: The date
that the data in this row first came into effect.

|R_PRODUCTION_ME THOD_ID |Production Method ID |integer
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_production_method[R PRODUCTION
METHOD] |PRODUCTION_METHOD_ID: The identifier type of Production method
reported for the well.

|PRODUCTION_METH OD |Production Method |character varying(40)
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_production_method[R PRODUCTION
METHOD] |PRODUCTION_METHOD: REFERENCE PRODUCTION METHOD: The method of
product ion. For example swabbing, flowing, pumping or gas lift.

|EXPIRY_DATE |Expiry Date |timestamp | |EXPIRY DATE: The date that the
data in this row was no longer active or in effect.

|ACTIVE_IND |Is Active |boolean | |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y/N flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active / valid
(Y) or inactive / invalid (N).

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) | |ROW CHANGED BY:
Application login id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DA TE |Changed Date |timestamp | |ROW CHANGED DATE: System
date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) | |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DAT E |Created Date |timestamp | |ROW CREATED DATE: Date
that the row was created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/well%20production%20method%20history.png[image]

=== Well Status History

*Table Name: well_status_history*

WELL STATUS HISTORY: Contains an historical account of the status of the
well.

[width="100%",cols="15%,11%,12%,31%,31%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Ref_Table* |*Description*
|WELL_STATUS_HIS TORY_ID |Well Status History ID |integer | |WELL STATUS
HISTORY ID: The identifier to as the primary key for this row.

|UWI |UWI |character varying(50) | |UNIQUE WELL IDENTIFIER: A unique
name, code or number designated.

|EFFECTIVE_DATE |Effective Date |timestamp | |EFFECTIVE DATE: The date
that the data in this row first came into effect.

|R_WELL_STATUS_I D |Well Status ID |integer
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_well_status[R WELL STATUS]
|WELL_STATUS_ID: The identifier type of status reported for the well.
Can include construction status, operating status, producing status,
abandonment status, etc.

|DISPLAY_NAME |Name |character varying(100)
|link:/data-footprint/reference-data/#r_well_status[R WELL STATUS] |WELL
STATUS DISPLAYNAME: The display name of the well history.

|EXPIRY_DATE |Expiry Date |timestamp | |EXPIRY DATE: The date that the
data in this row was no longer active or in effect.

|ACTIVE_IND |Is Active |boolean | |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y/N flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active / valid
(Y) or inactive / invalid (N).

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_ BY |Changed By |character varying(100) | |ROW CHANGED BY:
Application login id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_ DATE |Changed Date |timestamp | |ROW CHANGED DATE: System
date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_B Y |Created By |character varying(100) | |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_D ATE |Created Date |timestamp | |ROW CREATED DATE: Date
that the row was created on.
|===

*Entity Relationship Diagram*

image:../images/well_status_history.png[image]
