= Reference Data

Reference data are data that define the set of permissible values to be
used by other data fields. Reference data gain in value when they are
widely reused and widely referenced. Typically, they do not change
overly much in terms of definition, apart from occasional.

== Carto Reference System

*Table Name: carto_reference_system*

COORDINATE REFERENCE SYSTEM: a coordinate reference system (CRS) refers
to the way in which spatial data that represent the earthâ€™s surface
(which is round / 3 dimensional) are flattened so that you can ``Draw''
them on a 2-dimensional surface. For example WGS 84, UTM.

[width="100%",cols="16%,13%,19%,52%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Description*
|CRS_ID |CRS ID |integer |CRS ID: An auto generated database id and is
the primary key for this row.

|CRS_NAME |CRS Name |character varying(50) |CRS NAME: for example WGS
84, UTM

|CRS_TYPE |CRS Type |character varying(50) |CRS TYPE: In general CRS can
be divided into projected coordinate reference systems (also called
Cartesian or rectangular coordinate reference systems) and geographic
coordinate reference systems.

|GEODETIC_SO URCE |Geodetic Source |character varying(50) |

|PROJECTION_ TYPE |Projection Type |character varying(50) |

|ROW_CHANG ED_BY |Row Changed By |character varying(100) |ROW CHANGED
BY: Application login id of the user who last changed the row

|ROW_CHANG ED_DATE |Row Changed Date |timestamp |ROW CHANGED DATE:
System date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATE D_BY |Row Created By |character varying(100) |ROW CREATED
BY: System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATE D_DATE |Row Created Date |timestamp |ROW CREATED DATE: Date
that the row was created on
|===

== R_Activity_Type

*Table Name: r_activity_type*

REFERENCE ACTIVITY Type: A reference table identifying the type of
activity that caused the movement of fluids to occur such as production,
injection, flaring, sales, etc.

[width="100%",cols="18%,13%,19%,50%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Description*
|R_ACTIVITY_TYPE_ID |Activity Type ID |integer |R ACTIVITY TYPE ID: The
identifier to as the primary key for this row.

|ACTIVITY_TYPE |Activity Type |character varying(40) |ACTIVITY TYPE: The
type of activity, such as production, injection, flaring, sales,
stimulation, intervention, maintenance etc.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y/N flag indicating
whether this row of data is currently either active / valid (TRUE) or
inactive / invalid (FALSE).

|LONG_NAME |Long Name |character varying(255) |LONG NAME: Common long
name given to reference type or code.

|SHORT_NAME |Short Name |character varying(100) |SHORT NAME: Common
short name given to reference type or code.

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_ BY |Changed By |character varying(100) |ROW CHANGED BY:
Application login id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_ DATE |Changed Date |timestamp |ROW CHANGED DATE: System
date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_B Y |Created By |character varying(100) |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_ DATE |Created Date |timestamp |ROW CREATED DATE: Date that
the row was created on.
|===

== R_Area_Level

*Table Name: r_area_level*

R AREA LEVEL: A reference table identifying the level of area such as
area, organization, province, country, state, etc.

[width="100%",cols="17%,14%,19%,50%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Description*
|R_AREA_LEVEL_I D |Area Level ID |integer |AREA LEVEL ID: The identifier
to as the primary key for this row.

|DISPLAY_NAME |Name |character varying(100) |DISPLAY NAME: The level of
the area, such as country, state, district etc.

|LONG_NAME |Long Name |character varying(255) |LONG NAME: Common long
name given to reference type or code.

|SHORT_NAME |Short Name |character varying(100) |SHORT NAME: Common
short name given to reference type or code.

|ABBREVIATION |Abbreviation |character varying(15) |ABBREVIATION:
Abbreviation used for reference type or code.

|COLOR_CODE |Color Code |character varying(15) |

|GROUP_LEVEL_I D |Group Level |integer |

|REMARKS |Remarks |character varying(2000) |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y or N flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active/valid (Y)
or inactive/invalid (N).

|EFFECTIVE_DATE |Effective Date |timestamp |EFFECTIVE DATE: The date
that the data in this row first came into effect.

|EXPIRY_DATE |Expiry Date |timestamp |EXPIRY DATE: The date that the
data in this row was no longer active or in effect.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) |ROW CHANGED BY:
Application login id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp |ROW CHANGED DATE: System
date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_ DATE |Created Date |timestamp |ROW CREATED BY: System user
who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_ BY |Created By |character varying(100) |ROW CREATED DATE:
Date that the row was created on.

|SOURCE_NAME |Source |character varying(50) |SOURCE NAME: The
individual, company, state, or government agency designated as the
source of information for this row.

|R_AREA_LEVEL_ NAME |R Area Level Name |character varying(50)
|AREA_LEVEL_NAME: The level name of the area.
|===

== R_Area_Type

*Table Name: r_area_type*

R AREA TYPE: A reference table identifying the level of area such as
area, organization, province, country, state, etc.

[width="99%",cols="16%,10%,19%,52%,3%",options="header",]
|===
|Column Name |Display Name |Data Type |Description |
|R_AREA_TYPE_ID |Area Type ID |int |AREA TYPE ID: Unique identifier for
the type of area, such as country, state, AOI etc. |

|AREA_TYPE |Area Type |varchar(30) |AREA TYPE: The type of area
described, such as country, province, basin, project, business area etc.
|

|LONG_NAME |Long Name |varchar(255) |LONG NAME: Common long name given
to reference type or code. |

|SHORT_NAME |Short Name |varchar(30) |SHORT NAME: Common short name
given to reference type or code. |

|REMARKS |Remarks |varchar(2000) |AREA TYPE DESCRIPTION of the type of
geographic area |

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |bit |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y/N flag indicating
whether this row of data is currently either active / valid (Y) or
inactive / invalid (N). |

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) |ROW CHANGED BY:
Application login id of the user who last changed the row. |

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |datetime |ROW CHANGED DATE: System date
of the last time the row was changed. |

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data. |

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |datetime |ROW CREATED DATE: Date that
the row was created on. |
|===

== R_Alarm_Color

*Table Name: r-alarm_color*

R ALARM COLOR: The alarm color set in the interface of alarm settings.

[width="100%",cols="16%,12%,19%,53%",options="header",]
|===
|Column Name |Display Name |Data Type |Description
|R_ALARM_COLOR_ID |Alarm Color ID |int |R ALARM COLOR ID: The identifier
of the alarm color.

|COLOR_CODE |Color Code |varchar(15) |ALARM COLOR: The alarm color set
in the interface of alarm settings.

|REMARK |Remark |varchar(2000) |REMARK: Narrative remarks about this row
of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |bit |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y/N flag indicating
whether this row of data is currently either active / valid (TRUE) or
inactive / invalid (FALSE).

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) |ROW CHANGED BY:
Application login id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |datetime |ROW CHANGED DATE: System date
of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |datetime |ROW CREATED DATE: Date that
the row was created on.
|===

== R_Alarm_Level

*Table Name: r_alarm_level*

R ALARM LEVEL: The alarm level set in the interface of alarm settings,
can set High, Medium, Low level for a alarm.

[width="100%",cols="16%,12%,18%,51%,3%",options="header",]
|===
|Column Name |Display Name |Data Type |Description |
|R_ALARM_LEVEL_ID |Alarm Level ID |int |R ALARM LEVEL ID: The identifier
of the level. |

|ALARM_LEVEL |Alarm Level |varchar(40) |ALARM LEVEL: The alarm level set
in the interface of alarm settings. |

|REMARK |Remark |varchar(2000) |REMARK: Narrative remarks about this row
of data. |

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |bit |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y/N flag indicating
whether this row of data is currently either active / valid (TRUE) or
inactive / invalid (FALSE). |

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) |ROW CHANGED BY:
Application login id of the user who last changed the row. |

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |datetime |ROW CHANGED DATE: System date
of the last time the row was changed. |

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data. |

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |datetime |ROW CREATED DATE: Date that
the row was created on. |
|===

== R_Alarm_Status

*Table Name: r_alarm_status*

R ALARM STATUS: The alarm status like open, in review, closed.

[width="100%",cols="16%,13%,19%,52%",options="header",]
|===
|Column Name |Display Name |Data Type |Description
|R_ALARM_STATUS_ID |Alarm Status ID |int |R ALARM STATUS ID: The
identifier of the alarm status, like open, in review, closed.

|ALARM_STATUS |Alarm Status |varchar(40) |ALARM STATUS: The alarm status
like open, in review, closed.

|REMARK |Remark |varchar(2000) |REMARK: Narrative remarks about this row
of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |bit |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y/N flag indicating
whether this row of data is currently either active / valid (TRUE) or
inactive / invalid (FALSE).

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) |ROW CHANGED BY:
Application login id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |datetime |ROW CHANGED DATE: System date
of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |datetime |ROW CREATED DATE: Date that
the row was created on.
|===

== R_Alarm_Type

*Table Name: r_alarm_type*

R ALARM TYPE: The alarm type set in the interface of alarm settings, can
set value or percentage, or both.

[width="100%",cols="16%,11%,19%,54%",options="header",]
|===
|Column Name |Display Name |Data Type |Description
|R_ALARM_TYPE_ID |Alarm Type ID |int |R ALARM TYPE ID: The identifier of
the alarm type.

|ALARM_TYPE |Alarm Type |varchar(40) |ALARM TYPE: The alarm type set in
the interface of alarm settings.

|REMARK |Remark |varchar(2000) |REMARK: Narrative remarks about this row
of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |bit |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y/N flag indicating
whether this row of data is currently either active / valid (TRUE) or
inactive / invalid (FALSE).

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) |ROW CHANGED BY:
Application login id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |datetime |ROW CHANGED DATE: System date
of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |datetime |ROW CREATED DATE: Date that
the row was created on.
|===

== R_Favorite_Function

*Table Name: r_favorite_function*

R FAVORITE FUNCTION: This table record user favorite items belong to
which function.

[width="100%",cols="18%,18%,17%,47%",options="header",]
|===
|Column Name |Display Name |Data Type |Description
|R_FAVORITE_FUNCTION_ID |R Favorite Function ID |int |R FAVORITE
FUNCTION ID: The identifier of the user favorite function.

|FUNCTION_NAME |Function Name |varchar(255) |FAVORITE FUNCTION NAME: The
user favorite function name.

|REMARKS |Remarks |varchar(2000) |REMARK: Narrative remarks about this
row of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |bit |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A True/False flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active / valid
(True) or inactive / invalid (False).

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Row Created By |character varying(100) |ROW CHANGED BY:
Application login id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Row Created Date |datetime |ROW CHANGED DATE: System
date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Row Changed Date |datetime |ROW CREATED BY: System
user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Row Changed By |character varying(100) |ROW CREATED
DATE: Date that the row was created on.
|===

== R_BA_Category

*Table Name: r_ba_category*

REFERENCE BUSINESS ASSOCIATE CATEGORY: The category that the business
associate is in. For a company, may be legal company, sole
proprietorship, corporation, etc.

[width="100%",cols="15%,13%,20%,52%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Description*
|R_BA_CATEGORY_ID |BA Category ID |integer |BA CATEGORY ID: The auto
generated database id for this row.

|BA_CATEGORY |BA Category |character varying(50) |BA CATEGORY: The
category that the business associate is in. For a company, may be legal
company, sole proprietorship, corporation etc

|LONG_NAME |Long Name |character varying(255) |LONG NAME: Common long
name given to reference type or code.

|SHORT_NAME |Short Name |character varying(100) |SHORT NAME: Common
short name given to reference type or code.

|ABBREVIATION |Abbreviation |character varying(15) |ABBREVIATION:
Abbreviation used for reference type or code.

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |Boolean |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A flag indicating
whether this row of data is currently either active / valid (TRUE) or
inactive / invalid (FALSE).

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) |ROW CHANGED BY:
Application login id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp |ROW CHANGED DATE: System
date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp |ROW CREATED DATE: Date that
the row was created on.
|===

== R_BA_Type

*Table Name: r_ba_type*

REFERENCE BUSINESS ASSOCIATE TYPE: The type of business associate. Usual
reference values include COMPANY, PERSON, REGULATORY , SOCIETY,
ASSOCIATION. Use the BA CATEGORY to further categories this information.

[width="100%",cols="17%,13%,19%,51%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Description*
|R_BA_TYPE_ID |BA Type ID |integer |BA TYPE ID: The auto generated
database id for this row.

|BA_TYPE |BA Type |character varying(50) |BA TYPE: The type of business
associate. Usual reference values include COMPANY, PERSON, REGULATORY,
SOCIETY, ASSOCIATION. Use the BA CATEGOY to further categories this
information.

|LONG_NAME |Long Name |character varying(255) |LONG NAME: Common long
name given to reference type or code.

|SHORT_NAME |Short Name |character varying(100) |SHORT NAME: Common
short name given to reference type or code.

|ABBREVIATIO N |Abbreviation on |character varying(15) |ABBREVIATION:
Abbreviation used for reference type or code.

|REMARKS |Remarks |character varying(2000) |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |Boolean |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A flag indicating
whether this row of data is currently either active / valid (TRUE) or
inactive / invalid (FALSE).

|ROW_CHANG ED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) |ROW CHANGED BY:
Application login id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANG ED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp |ROW CHANGED DATE: System
date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATE D_BY |Created By |character varying(100) |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATE D_DATE |Created Date |timestamp |ROW CREATED DATE: Date that
the row was created on.
|===

== R_Completion_Type

*Table Name: r_completion_type*

REFERENCE COMPLETION TYPE: The type or method of well completion. For
example perforation, open hole, gravel pack or combination.

[width="100%",cols="19%,14%,18%,49%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Description*
|R_COMPLETION_TY PE_ID |Completion Type ID |integer |COMPLETION TYPE ID:
The identifier to as the primary key for this row.

|COMPLETION_TYPE |Completion Type |character varying(40) |COMPLETION
TYPE: The type or method of well completion. For example perforation,
open hole, gravel pack or combination.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y/N flag indicating
whether this row of data is currently either active / valid (Y) or
inactive / invalid (N).

|LONG_NAME |Long Name |character varying(255) |LONG NAME: The commonly
used long name of the completion type.

|SHORT_NAME |Short Name |character varying(255) |SHORT NAME: The
commonly used short name of the completion type.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) |ROW CHANGED BY:
Application login id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DA TE |Changed Date |timestamp |ROW CHANGED DATE: System
date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DA TE |Created Date |timestamp |ROW CREATED DATE: Date that
the row was created on.
|===

== R_Perforation_Type

*Table Name: r_perforation_type*

REFERENCE PERFORATION TYPE: A reference table identifying the type of
perforation method. For example bullet, jet or combination.

[width="100%",cols="18%,15%,19%,48%",options="header",]
|===
|Column Name |Display Name |Data Type |Description
|R_PERFORATION_TYPE_ID |Perforation Type ID |integer |PERFORATION TYPE
ID: The identifier to as the primary key for this row.

|PERFORATION_TYPE |Perforation Type |character varying(50) |PERFORATION
TYPE: Display name given to reference type or code.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean |: A Y or N flag indicating whether this
row of data is currently either active/valid (Y) or inactive/invalid
(N).

|LONG_NAME |Long Name |character varying(255) |LONG NAME: Common long
name given to reference type or code.

|SHORT_NAME |Short Name |character varying(100) |SHORT NAME: Common
short name given to reference type or code.

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) |Narrative remarks about this
row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Row Changed By |character varying(100) |Application
login id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Row Changed Date |timestamp |System date of the last
time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Row Created By |character varying(100) |System user who
created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Row Created Date |timestamp |Date that the row was
created on.
|===

== R_Perforation_Method

*Table Name: r_perforation_method*

REFERENCE PERFORATION METHOD: Code identifying the type of opening the
fluid entered through into the tubing (e.g., perforation, open hole,
combination, etc.).

[width="100%",cols="20%,16%,18%,46%",options="header",]
|===
|Column Name |Display Name |Data Type |Description
|R_PERFORATION_METHOD_ID |Perforation Method ID |integer |PERFORATION
METHOD ID: The identifier to as the primary key for this row.

|PERFORATION_METHOD |Perforation Method |character varying(50)
|PERFORATION METHOD: Display name given to reference type or code.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean |: A Y or N flag indicating whether this
row of data is currently either active/valid (Y) or inactive/invalid
(N).

|LONG_NAME |Long Name |character varying(255) |LONG NAME: Common long
name given to reference type or code.

|SHORT_NAME |Short Name |character varying(100) |SHORT NAME: Common
short name given to reference type or code.

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) |Narrative remarks about this
row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Row Changed By |character varying(100) |Application
login id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Row Changed Date |timestamp |System date of the last
time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Row Created By |character varying(100) |System user who
created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Row Created Date |timestamp |Date that the row was
created on.
|===

== R_Coupling_Type

*Table Name: r_coupling_type*

REFERENCE COUPLING TYPE: A short length of pipe used to connect two
joints of casing. A casing coupling has internal threads (female thread
form) machined to match the external threads (male thread form) of the
long joints of casing. The two joints of casing are threaded into
opposite ends of the casing coupling. Synonyms: casing collar
(Schlumberger Oilfield Glossary).

[width="100%",cols="18%,13%,18%,51%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Description*
|R_COUPLIN G_TYPE_ID |Coupling Type ID |integer |COUPLING TYPE ID: The
identifier to as the primary key for this row.

|COUPLING_ TYPE |Coupling Type |character varying(40) |COUPLING TYPE: A
short length of pipe used to connect two joints of casing. A casing
coupling has internal threads (female thread form) machined to match the
external threads (male thread form) of the long joints of casing. The
two joints of casing are threaded into opposite ends of the casing
coupling. Synonyms: casing collar (Schlumberger Oilfield Glossary)

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y/N flag indicating
whether this row of data is currently either active / valid (Y) or
inactive / invalid (N).

|LONG_NAM E |Long Name |character varying(255) |LONG NAME: The commonly
used long name of the coupling type.

|SHORT_NA ME |Short Name |character varying(100) |SHORT NAME: The
commonly used short name of the coupling type.

|ROW_CHA NGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) |ROW CHANGED BY:
Application login id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHA NGED_DAT E |Changed Date |timestamp |ROW CHANGED DATE: System
date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREA TED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREA TED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp |ROW CREATED DATE: Date that
the row was created on.
|===

== R_Downtime_Type

*Table Name: r_downtime_type*

REFERENCE WELL DOWNTIME TYPE: The type of downtime experienced during a
well operation or event. Downtime types may include downtime,
constrained production, deferred production. Added to allow some
granularity of describing downtime events without having to overload the
event type table.

[width="100%",cols="17%,13%,19%,51%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Description*
|R_DOWNTIME_TYPE_ID |Downtime Type ID |integer |R DOWNTIME TYPE ID: The
identifier to as the primary key for this row.

|DOWNTIME_TYPE |Downtime Type |character varying(40) |DOWNTIME TYPE: The
type of downtime experienced during a well operation or event.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |Boolean |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y/N flag indicating
whether this row of data is currently either active / valid (TRUE) or
inactive / invalid (FALSE).

|LONG_NAME |Long Name |character varying(255) |LONG NAME: Common long
name given to reference type or code.

|SHORT_NAME |Short Name |character varying(100) |SHORT NAME: Common
short name given to reference type or code.

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) |ROW CHANGED BY:
Application login id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp |ROW CHANGED DATE: System
date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp |ROW CREATED DATE: Date that
the row was created on.
|===

== R_Equip_Install_Loc

*Table Name: r_equip_install_loc*

REFERENCE EQUIPMENT INSTALLATION TYPE: Indicates where this type of
equipment would normally be used, such as on the drilling assembly, in
the well bore, on well site, on rig, in processing facility.

[width="100%",cols="21%,19%,16%,44%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Description*
|R_EQUIPMENT_INS TALL_LOC_ID |Equipment Install Loc ID |integer |TYPICAL
EQUIPMENT INSTALLATION TYPE IDENTIFIER: Unique identifier for the row.

|EQUIPMENT_INSTA LL_LOC_TYPE |Equipment Install Loc Type |character
varying(255) |TYPICAL EQUIPMENT INSTALLATION TYPE: Indicates where this
type of equipment would normally be used, such as on the drilling
assembly, in the well bore, on well site, on rig, in processing
facility.

|ABBREVIATION |Abbreviation |character varying(12) |ABBREVIATION:
Abbreviation used for reference type or code.

|ACTIVE_IND |Is Active |boolean |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y/N flag indicating
whether this row of data is currently either active / valid (Y) or
inactive / invalid (N).

|EFFECTIVE_DATE |Effective Date |timestamp |EFFECTIVE DATE: The date
that the data in this row first came into effect.

|EXPIRY_DATE |Expiry Date |timestamp |EXPIRY DATE: The date that the
data in this row was no longer active or in effect.

|LONG_NAME |Long Name |character varying(255) |LONG NAME: Common long
name given to reference type or code.

|SHORT_NAME |Short Name |character varying(100) |SHORT NAME: Common
short name given to reference type or code.

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_B Y |Changed By |character varying(100) |ROW CHANGED BY:
Application login id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_D ATE |Changed Date |timestamp |ROW CHANGED DATE: System
date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DA TE |Created Date |timestamp |ROW CREATED DATE: Date that
the row was created on.
|===

== R_Equipment_Catalogue

*Table Name: r_equipment_catalog*

REFERENCE EQUIPMENT CATALOGUE: Use this table to list and describe the
kinds of equipment that you need.

[width="100%",cols="20%,16%,18%,46%",options="header",]
|===
|Column Name |Display Name |Data Type |Description
|R_EQUIPMENT_CATALOGUE_ID |Equipment Catalogue ID |integer |EQUIPMENT
CATALOGUE IDENTIFIER: Number uniquely identifying the equipment
catalogue.

|EQUIPMENT_CATALOGUE |Equipment Catalogue |character varying(40)
|EQUIPMENT CATALOGUE: Describe the kinds of equipment.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y or N flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active/valid
(TRUE) or inactive/invalid (FALSE).

|LONG_NAME |Long Name |character varying(255) |LONG NAME: Common long
name given to reference type or code.

|SHORT_NAME |Short Name |character varying(100) |SHORT NAME: Common
short name given to reference type or code.

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) |ROW CHANGED BY:
Application login id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp |ROW CHANGED DATE: System
date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp |ROW CREATED DATE: Date that
the row was created on.
|===

== R_Equipment_Type

*Table Name: r_equipment_type*

REFERENCE EQUIPMENT TYPE: Use this table to list the types of equipment.

[width="100%",cols="20%,17%,18%,45%",options="header",]
|===
|Column Name |Display Name |Data Type |Description
|R_EQUIPMENT_TYPE_ID |Equipment Type ID |integer |EQUIPMENT TYPE
IDENTIFIER: Number uniquely identifying the equipment type.

|EQUIPMENT_TYPE |Equipment Type |character varying(40) |EQUIPMENT TYPE:
Describe the types of equipment.

|R_EQUIPMENT_CATALOGUE_ID |Equipment Catalogue ID |integer |EQUIPMENT
CATALOGUE IDENTIFIER: Number uniquely identifying the equipment
catalogue.

|EQUIPMENT_CATALOGUE |Equipment Catalogue |character varying(40)
|EQUIPMENT CATALOGUE: Describe the kinds of equipment.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y or N flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active/valid
(TRUE) or inactive/invalid (FALSE).

|LONG_NAME |Long Name |character varying(255) |LONG NAME: Common long
name given to reference type or code.

|SHORT_NAME |Short Name |character varying(100) |SHORT NAME: Common
short name given to reference type or code.

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) |ROW CHANGED BY:
Application login id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp |ROW CHANGED DATE: System
date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp |ROW CREATED DATE: Date that
the row was created on.
|===

== R_Equipment_Sub_Type

*Table Name: r_equipment_sub_type*

REFERENCE EQUIPMENT SUB TYPE: Use this table to list the sub types of
equipment

[width="100%",cols="20%,16%,18%,46%",options="header",]
|===
|Column Name |Display Name |Data Type |Description
|R_EQUIPMENT_SUB_TYPE_ID |Equipment Sub Type ID |integer |EQUIPMENT SUB
TYPE IDENTIFIER: Number uniquely identifying the equipment sub type.

|EQUIPMENT_SUB_TYPE |Equipment Sub Type |character varying(40)
|EQUIPMENT SUB TYPE: Describe the sub type of equipment.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y or N flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active/valid
(TRUE) or inactive/invalid (FALSE).

|LONG_NAME |Long Name |character varying(255) |LONG NAME: Common long
name given to reference type or code.

|SHORT_NAME |Short Name |character varying(100) |SHORT NAME: Common
short name given to reference type or code.

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) |ROW CHANGED BY:
Application login id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp |ROW CHANGED DATE: System
date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp |ROW CREATED DATE: Date that
the row was created on.
|===

== R_Equipment_Spec

*Table Name: r_equipment_spec*

REFERENCE EQUIPMENT SPECIFICATION: Use this table to record all the
specifications measured for equipment.

[width="100%",cols="16%,20%,18%,46%",options="header",]
|===
|Column Name |Display Name |Data Type |Description
|R_EQUIPMENT_SPEC_ID |Equipment Specification ID |integer |EQUIPMENT
SPECIFICATION IDENTIFIER: Number uniquely identifying the equipment
specification.

|EQUIPMENT_SPEC |Equipment Specification |character varying(40)
|EQUIPMENT SPECIFICATION: Describe the specifications measured for
equipment.

|R_DATA_TYPE_ID |Data Type ID |integer |DATA TYPE IDENTIFIER: The
identifer of the data type.

|DATA_TYPE |Data Type |character varying(40) |DATA TYPE: The data type
for this row of specification

|UNIT |Unit |character varying(40) |UNIT: The unit for this row of
specification.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y or N flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active/valid
(TRUE) or inactive/invalid (FALSE).

|LONG_NAME |Long Name |character varying(255) |LONG NAME: Common long
name given to reference type or code.

|SHORT_NAME |Short Name |character varying(100) |SHORT NAME: Common
short name given to reference type or code.

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) |ROW CHANGED BY:
Application login id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp |ROW CHANGED DATE: System
date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp |ROW CREATED DATE: Date that
the row was created on.
|===

== R_Equipment_Measurement

*Table Name: r_equipment_measurement*

R_EQUIPMENT_MEASUREMENT: This table is used to record the equipment
measurement parameters.

[width="100%",cols="21%,16%,15%,7%,41%",options="header",]
|===
|Column Name |Display Name |Data Type |Ref_Table |Description
|R_EQUIPMENT_MEASUREMENT_ID |Equipment Measurement ID |integer |
|R_EQUIPMENT_MEASUREMENT_ID:is the primary key of this table, which is
automatic generated by PDM application.

|EQUIPMENT_MEASUREMENT |Equipment Measurement |character varying(50) |
|EQUIPMENT MEASUREMENT, is the tag name from OPC server or PDM
connector. It is unique constraint of this table.

|IS_REAL_TIME |Is Real Time |boolean | |IS_REAL_TIME: Once it is true,
it will be in the time series measurement and can be matched with tags.

|R_DATA_TYPE_ID |Data Type ID |integer |R DATA TYPE |DATA TYPE
IDENTIFIER: The identifer of the data type.

|DATA_TYPE |Data Type |character varying(40) |R DATA TYPE |DATA TYPE:
The data type for this row of specification

|UNIT |Unit |character varying(40) | |UNIT: The unit for this row of
specification.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean | |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y/N flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active / valid
(TRUE) or inactive / invalid (FALSE).

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) | |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) | |ROW CHANGED BY:
Application login id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) | |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp | |ROW CREATED DATE: Date
that the row was created on.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp | |ROW CHANGED DATE: System
date of the last time the row was changed.
|===

== R_Data_Type

*Table Name: r_data_type*

REFERENCE DATA TYPE: Use this table to record data type that PDM
application supports.

[width="100%",cols="15%,11%,21%,53%",options="header",]
|===
|Column Name |Display Name |Data Type |Description
|R_DATA_TYPE_ID |Data Type ID |integer |DATA TYPE IDENTIFIER: Number
uniquely identifying the data type.

|DATA_TYPE |Data Type |character varying(40) |DATA TYPE: The data type
supported of PDM application. Such as numerical(,), varchar().

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y or N flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active/valid
(TRUE) or inactive/invalid (FALSE).

|LONG_NAME |Long Name |character varying(255) |LONG NAME: Common long
name given to reference type or code.

|SHORT_NAME |Short Name |character varying(100) |SHORT NAME: Common
short name given to reference type or code.

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) |ROW CHANGED BY:
Application login id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp |ROW CHANGED DATE: System
date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp |ROW CREATED DATE: Date that
the row was created on.
|===

== R_Event_Category

*Table Name: r_event_category*

REFERENCE EVENT CATEGORY: Indicates where this type of event category
would normally be used, such as acid, fracture, Change pump, well
maintenance, etc. And if there are sub type needed, such as acid
fracture, which belongs to fracture, the r_event_sub_category table can
be used.

[width="100%",cols="17%,14%,19%,50%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Description*
|R_EVENT_CATEG ORY_ID |Event Category ID |integer |R EVENT CATEGORY ID:
The identifier of the category for the well activity or event.

|EVENT_CATEGOR Y |Event Category |character varying(40) |EVENT CATEGORY:
The category of the well activity or event.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |Boolean |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y/N flag indicating
whether this row of data is currently either active / valid (TRUE) or
inactive / invalid (FALSE).

|LONG_NAME |Long Name |character varying(255) |LONG NAME: Common long
name given to reference type or code.

|SHORT_NAME |Short Name |character varying(100) |SHORT NAME: Common
short name given to reference type or code.

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_ BY |Changed By |character varying(100) |ROW CHANGED BY:
Application login id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_ DATE |Changed Date |timestamp |ROW CHANGED DATE: System
date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_B Y |Created By |character varying(100) |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_ DATE |Created Date |timestamp |ROW CREATED DATE: Date that
the row was created on.
|===

== R_Event_Sub_Category

*Table Name: R_Event_Sub_Category*

REFERENCE EVENT SUB CATEGORY: Indicates where this type of sub event
category would normally be used, such as acid fracture, which belongs to
fracture.

[width="100%",cols="21%,16%,17%,46%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Description*
|R_EVENT_SUB_CAT EGORY_ID |Event Sub Category ID |integer |R EVENT SUB
CATEGORY ID: The identifier to as the primary key for this row.

|EVENT_SUB_CATEG ORY |Event Sub Category |character varying(40) |ENVENT
SUB CATEGORY: The sub category of the well activity or event.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y/N flag indicating
whether this row of data is currently either active / valid (TRUE) or
inactive / invalid (FALSE).

|R_EVENT_CATEGOR Y_ID |Event Category ID |integer |R EVENT CATEGORY ID:
The identifier of the category for the well activity or event.

|EVENT_CATEGORY |Event Category |character varying(40) |EVENT CATEGORY:
The category of the well activity or event.

|LONG_NAME |Long Name |character varying(255) |LONG NAME: Common long
name given to reference type or code.

|SHORT_NAME |Short Name |character varying(100) |SHORT NAME: Common
short name given to reference type or code.

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) |ROW CHANGED BY:
Application login id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DA TE |Changed Date |timestamp |ROW CHANGED DATE: System
date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DA TE |Created Date |timestamp |ROW CREATED DATE: Date that
the row was created on.
|===

== R_Facility_Type

*Table Name: r_facility_type*

REFERENCE FACILITY TYPE: A reference table identifying the codes
classifying the facility according to its physical equipment or
principal service performed. The facility type should be unique in this
table.

[width="100%",cols="16%,15%,19%,50%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Description*
|R_FACILITY_TYPE_ID |Facility Type |integer |FACILITY TYPE IDENTIFIER:
An auto generated database id for facility_type.

|FACILITY_TYPE |Facility Type Name |character varying(100) |FACILITY
TYPE: A reference table identifying the codes classifying the facility
according to its physical equipment or principal service performed. The
facility type should be unique in this table.

|LONG_NAME |Long Name |character varying(255) |LONG NAME: Common long
name given to reference type or code.

|SHORT_NAME |Short Name |character varying(100) |SHORT NAME: Common
short name given to reference type or code.

|REMARKS |Remarks |character varying(2000) |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean |ACITIVE INDICATOR: A TRUE/FALSE flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active / valid
(TRUE) or inactive / invalid (FALSE).

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) |ROW CHANGED BY:
Application login id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DAT E |Changed Date |timestamp |ROW CHANGED DATE: System
date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DAT E |Created Date |timestamp |ROW CREATED DATE: Date that
the row was created on.
|===

== R_Field_Type

*Table Name: r_field_type*

REFERENCE FIELD TYPE: A reference table identifying the type of field.
For example regulatory or locally assigned.

[width="100%",cols="15%,13%,20%,52%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Description*
|R_FIELD_TYPE_ID |Field Type ID |integer |FIELD TYPE ID: The identifier
to as the primary key for this row.

|DISPLAY_NAME |Display Name |character varying(100) |DISPLAY NAME:
Display name given to reference type or code.

|LONG_NAME |Long Name |character varying(255) |LONG NAME: Common long
name given to reference type or code.

|SHORT_NAME |Short Name |character varying(100) |SHORT NAME: Common
short name given to reference type or code.

|ABBREVIATION |Abbreviation |character varying(15) |ABBREVIATION:
Abbreviation used for reference type or code.

|REMARKS |Remarks |character varying(2000) |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y or N flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active/valid (Y)
or inactive/invalid (N).

|EFFECTIVE_DATE |Effective Date |timestamp |EFFECTIVE DATE: The date
that the data in this row first came into effect.

|EXPIRY_DATE |Expiry Date |timestamp |EXPIRY DATE: The date that the
data in this row was no longer active or in effect.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) |ROW CHANGED BY:
Application login id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp |ROW CHANGED DATE: System
date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp |ROW CREATED DATE: Date that
the row was created on.

|SOURCE_NAME |Source |character varying(50) |SOURCE NAME: The
individual, company, state, or government agency designated as the
source of information for this row.

|FIELD_TYPE_NAME |Field Type |character varying(50) |FIELD TYPE NAME: A
reference table identifying the codes classifying the facility according
to its physical equipment or principal service performed.
|===

== R_Asset_Type

*Table Name: r_asset_type*

[width="100%",cols="15%,11%,21%,53%",options="header",]
|===
|Column Name |Display Name |Data Type |Description
|R_ASSET_TYPE_ID |Asset Type ID |integer |ASSET TYPE ID: The identifier
to as the primary key for this row.

|ASSET_TYPE |Asset Type |character varying(50) |ASSET TYPE NAME: A
reference table identifying the codes classifying the asset type.

|LONG_NAME |Long Name |character varying(255) |LONG NAME: Common long
name given to reference type or code.

|SHORT_NAME |Short Name |character varying(100) |SHORT NAME: Common
short name given to reference type or code.

|REMARKS |Remarks |character varying(2000) |Narrative remarks about this
row of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean |: A Y or N flag indicating whether this
row of data is currently either active/valid (Y) or inactive/invalid
(N).

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp |System date of the last time
the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) |System user who
created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp |Date that the row was
created on.
|===

== R_Fluid_Type

*Table Name: r_fluid_type*

REFERENCE FLUID TYPE: A reference table identifying the type of fluids
or substances produced by a well or used for various operations. For
example oil, gas, mud or water.

[width="100%",cols="15%,11%,21%,53%",options="header",]
|===
|Column Name |Display Name |Data Type |Description
|R_FLUID_TYPE_ID |Fluid Type ID |integer |FLUID TYPE IDENTIFIER: Unique
identifier for the row.

|FLUID_TYPE |Fluid Type |character varying(50) |FLUID TYPE: A reference
table identifying the type of fluids or substances produced by a well or
used for various operations. For example oil, gas, mud or water.

|LONG_NAME |Long Name |character varying(255) |LONG NAME: Common long
name given to reference type or code.

|SHORT_NAME |Short Name |character varying(100) |SHORT NAME: Common
short name given to reference type or code.

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) |Narrative remarks about this
row of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean |: A Y/N flag indicating whether this row
of data is currently either active / valid (Y) or inactive / invalid
(N).

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp |System date of the last time
the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) |System user who
created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp |Date that the row was
created on.
|===

== R_Node_Type

*Table Name: r_node_type*

REFERENCE NODE TYPE: The node types. And the node type should be unique
in this table.

[width="100%",cols="15%,13%,20%,52%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Description*
|R_NODE_TYPE_ID |Node Type ID |integer |NODE TYPE IDENTIFIER: An auto
generated database id for node type.

|NODE_TYPE |Node Type |character varying(40) |NODE TYPE: The node types.
And the node type should be unique in this table.

|LONG_NAME |Long Name |character varying(255) |LONG NAME: Common long
name given to reference type or code.

|SHORT_NAME |Short Name |character varying(100) |SHORT NAME: Common
short name given to reference type or code.

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean |ACITIVE INDICATOR: A TRUE/FALSE flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active / valid
(TRUE) or inactive / invalid (FALSE).

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) |ROW CHANGED BY:
Application login id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp |ROW CHANGED DATE: System
date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp |ROW CREATED DATE: Date that
the row was created on.
|===

== R_North

*Table Name: r_north*

REFERENCE NORTH TYPE: The North reference used to define AZIMUTH angular
measurement values stored in WELL_DIR_SRVY_STATION for this Directional
Survey (UWI, SURVEY_ID, SOURCE). For example, True North, Grid North,
Magnetic North, etc.

[width="100%",cols="17%,13%,19%,51%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Description*
|R_NORTH_ID |North Type ID |integer |R NORTH IDENTIFIER: Number uniquely
identifying the north type.

|NORTH_TYPE |North Type |character varying(40) |NORTH TYPE: The North
reference used to define AZIMUTH angular measurement values stored in
WELL_DIR_SRVY_STATION for this Directional Survey (UWI, SURVEY_ID,
SOURCE). For example, True North, Grid North, Magnetic North, etc.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y or N flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active/valid
(TRUE) or inactive/invalid (FALSE).

|LONG_NAME |Long Name |character varying(255) |LONG NAME: Common long
name given to reference type or code.

|SHORT_NAM E |Short Name |character varying(100) |SHORT NAME: Common
short name given to reference type or code.

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHAN GED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) |ROW CHANGED BY:
Application login id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHAN GED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp |ROW CHANGED DATE: System
date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREAT ED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREAT ED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp |ROW CREATED DATE: Date that
the row was created on.
|===

== R_Scenario_Type

*Table Name: r_scenario_type*

SCENARIO TYPE REFERENCE: The type that is used to describe the type.
Such as Base Scenario, Alternate Scenario.

[width="100%",cols="17%,13%,20%,50%",options="header",]
|===
|Column Name |Display Name |Data Type |Description
|R_SCENARIO_TYPE_ID |Scenario Type ID |integer |SCENARIO TYPE REFERENCE
ID: Number or code uniquely identifying the scenario type.

|SCENARIO_TYPE |Scenario Type |character varying(40) |SCENARIO TYPE: The
scenario type, for example, base scenario, alternate scenario

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y/N flag indicating
whether this row of data is currently either active / valid (Y) or
inactive / invalid (N).

|LONG_NAME |Long Name |character varying(255) |LONG NAME: The commonly
used long name of the completion type.

|SHORT_NAME |Short Name |character varying(100) |SHORT NAME: The
commonly used short name of the completion type.

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) |ROW CHANGED BY:
Application login id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp |ROW CHANGED DATE: System
date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp |ROW CREATED DATE: Date that
the row was created on.
|===

== R_ORG_Unit_Category

*Table Name: r_org_unit_category*

R_ORG_UNIT_CATEGORY: The reference type of category unit. For example:
geography.

[width="100%",cols="19%,17%,18%,46%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Description*
|R_ORG_UNIT_CATEGORY_ID |R ORG Unit Category ID |INTEGER |R ORG UNIT
CATEGORY ID: The identifier to as the primary key for this row.

|ORG_UNIT_CATEGORY |ORG Unit Category |CHARACTER VARYING |ORG UNIT
CATEGORY: The category information of org unit, such as geographical
area, business unit.

|REMARKS |Remarks |character varying(2000) |Narrative remarks about this
row of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |Boolean |: A Y or N flag indicating whether this
row of data is currently either active/valid (Y) or inactive/invalid
(N).

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(30) |Application login id
of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp |System date of the last time
the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp |System user who created this
row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(30) |Date that the row
was created on.
|===

== R_ORG_Unit_Type

*Table Name: r_org_unit_type*

R_ORG_UNIT_TYPE: The reference type of organization unit. For example:
Area, Field, Business Associate.

[width="100%",cols="15%,15%,20%,50%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Description*
|R_ORG_UNIT_TYPE_ID |R ORG Unit Type ID |INTEGER |R ORG UNIT TYPE ID:
The identifier to as the primary key for this row.

|ORG_UNIT_TYPE |ORG Unit Type |CHARACTER VARYING |ORG UNIT TYPE:
Organization type, for example: Area, Field, etc.

|REMARKS |Remarks |character varying(2000) |Narrative remarks about this
row of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |Boolean |: A Y or N flag indicating whether this
row of data is currently either active/valid (Y) or inactive/invalid
(N).

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp |System date of the last time
the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp |System user who created this
row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) |Date that the row
was created on.
|===

== R_Pipeline_Material

*Table Name: r_pipeline_material*

REFERENCE PIPELINE MATERIAL: The material that a pipeline is constructed
from, such as 24 pound steel, etc.

[width="100%",cols="20%,15%,18%,47%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Description*
|R_PIPELINE_MATE RIAL_ID |Pipeline Material ID |integer |PIPELINE
MATERIAL IDENTIFIER: An auto generated database id for pipeline
material.

|PIPELINE_MATERIA L |Pipeline Material |character varying(100) |PIPELINE
MATERIAL: The material that a pipeline is constructed from, such as 24
pound steel etc.

|LONG_NAME |Long Name |character varying(255) |LONG NAME: Common long
name given to reference type or code.

|SHORT_NAME |Short Name |character varying(100) |SHORT NAME: Common
short name given to reference type or code.

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean |ACITIVE INDICATOR: A TRUE/FALSE flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active / valid
(TRUE) or inactive / invalid (FALSE).

|ROW_CHANGED_B Y |Changed By |character varying(100) |ROW CHANGED BY:
Application login id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_D ATE |Changed Date |timestamp |ROW CHANGED DATE: System
date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_D ATE |Created Date |timestamp |ROW CREATED DATE: Date that
the row was created on.
|===

== R_Pipeline_Segment_Type

*Table Name: r_pipeline_segment_type*

REFERENCE PIPELINE SEGMENT TYPE: The type of the pipe in this section.
The types can be Line Pipe, Choke, Coated, Flexible, Fitting etc.

[width="100%",cols="20%,13%,18%,49%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Description*
|R_PIPELINE_SEG_T YPE_ID |Segment Type ID |integer |R PIPELINE SEGMENT
TYPE IDENTIFIER: An auto generated database id for segment type.

|SEGMENT_TYPE |Segment Type |character varying(100) |SEGMENT TYPE: The
type of the pipe in this section. The types can be Line Pipe, Choke,
Coated, Flexible, Fitting etc.

|LONG_NAME |Long Name |character varying(255) |LONG NAME: Common long
name given to reference type or code.

|SHORT_NAME |Short Name |character varying(100) |SHORT NAME: Common
short name given to reference type or code.

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean |ACITIVE INDICATOR: A TRUE/FALSE flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active / valid
(TRUE) or inactive / invalid (FALSE).

|ROW_CHANGED_B Y |Changed By |character varying(100) |ROW CHANGED BY:
Application login id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_D ATE |Changed Date |timestamp |ROW CHANGED DATE: System
date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_D ATE |Created Date |timestamp |ROW CREATED DATE: Date that
the row was created on.
|===

== R_Pipeline_Type

*Table Name: r_pipeline_type*

REFERENCE PIPELINE TYPE: A reference table identifying the codes
classifying the pipeline. The pipeline type should be unique in this
table.

[width="100%",cols="18%,13%,19%,50%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Description*
|R_PIPELINE_TYP E_ID |Pipeline Type ID |integer |PIPELINE TYPE
IDENTIFIER: An auto generated database id for pipeline type.

|PIPELINE_TYPE |Pipeline Type |character varying(100) |PIPELINE TYPE: A
reference table identifying the codes classifying the pipeline. The
pipeline type should be unique in this table.

|LONG_NAME |Long Name |character varying(255) |LONG NAME: Common long
name given to reference type or code.

|SHORT_NAME |Short Name |character varying(100) |SHORT NAME: Common
short name given to reference type or code.

|REMARK |Remarks |character varying(2000) |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean |ACITIVE INDICATOR: A TRUE/FALSE flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active / valid
(TRUE) or inactive / invalid (FALSE).

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) |ROW CHANGED BY:
Application login id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp |ROW CHANGED DATE: System
date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_ BY |Created By |character varying(100) |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_ DATE |Created Date |timestamp |ROW CREATED DATE: Date that
the row was created on.
|===

== R_Pool_Status

*Table Name: r_pool_status*

REFERENCE POOL STATUS: A reference table identifying the operational or
legal status of the pool.

[width="100%",cols="15%,20%,11%,54%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Data Type* |*Ref_Table* |*Description*
|Pool Status ID |integer | |POOL STATUS IDENTIFIER: Unique identifier
for the pool.

|Pool Status |character varying(40) | |POOL STATUS: The operational or
legal status of the pool.

|Changed By |character varying(100) | |ROW CHANGED BY: Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|Changed Date |timestamp | |ROW CHANGED DATE: System date of the last
time the row was changed.

|Created By |character varying(100) | |ROW CREATED BY: System user who
created this row of data.

|Created Date |timestamp | |ROW CREATED DATE: Date that the row was
created on.
|===

== R_Pool_Type

*Table Name: r_pool_type*

REFERENCE POOL TYPE: A reference table identifying the type of pool.

[width="100%",cols="15%,19%,12%,54%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Data Type* |*Ref_Table * |*Description*
|Pool Type ID |integer | |POOL TYPE ID: the identifier of the pool type.

|Pool Type |character varying(40) | |POOL TYPE: The type of hydrocarbon
pool described, such as conventional or oil sands deposit.

|Changed By |character varying(100) | |ROW CHANGED BY: Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|Changed Date |timestamp | |ROW CHANGED DATE: System date of the last
time the row was changed.

|Created By |character varying(100) | |ROW CREATED BY: System user who
created this row of data.

|Created Date |timestamp | |ROW CREATED DATE: Date that the row was
created on.
|===

== R_Production_Method

*Table Name: R_Production_Method*

REFERENCE PRODUCTION METHOD: This reference table identifies the method
of production. For example swabbing, flowing, pumping or gas lift.

[width="100%",cols="19%,16%,17%,48%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Description*
|R_PRODUCTION_METHOD_ID |Production Method ID |integer |PRODUCTION
METHOD IDENTIFIER: the unique number assigned to production method.

|PRODUCTION_METHOD |Production Method |character varying(40)
|PRODUCTION_METHOD: REFERENCE PRODUCTION METHOD: The method of product
ion. For example swabbing, flowing, pumping or gas lift.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) |ROW CHANGED BY:
Application login id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp |ROW CHANGED DATE: System
date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp |ROW CREATED DATE: Date that
the row was created on.
|===

== R_Timezone

*Table Name: R_Timezone*

REFERENCE TIMEZONE: a valid list of time zones.

[width="100%",cols="15%,13%,20%,52%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Description*
|R_TIMEZONE_ID |Timezone ID |integer |TIMEZONE ID: The identifier to as
the primary key for this row.

|TIMEZONE |Timezone |character varying(40) |TIMEZONE: a valid list of
time zones.

|ACTIVE_IND |Is Active |boolean |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y or N flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active/valid
(TRUE) or inactive/invalid (FALSE).

|LONG_NAME |Long Name |character varying(255) |LONG NAME: Common long
name.

|SHORT_NAME |Short Name |character varying(100) |SHORT NAME: Common
short name.

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) |ROW CHANGED BY:
Application login id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp |ROW CHANGED DATE: System
date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp |ROW CREATED DATE: Date that
the row was created on.
|===

== R_Tubular_Type

*Table Name: R_Tubular_Type*

REFERENCE TUBULAR TYPE: The particular type of tubular. For example,
Conductor, Surface Casing, Intermediate Casing, Production Casing,
Tubing, Liner, etc.

[width="100%",cols="18%,13%,18%,51%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Description*
|R_TUBULAR_TYP E_ID |Tubular Type ID |integer |TUBULAR TYPE ID: The
identifier to as the primary key for this row.

|TUBULAR_TYPE |Tubular Type |character varying(40) |TUBULAR TYPE: The
particular type of tubular. For example, Conductor, Surface Casing,
Intermediate Casing, Production Casing, Tubing, Liner etc.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y/N flag indicating
whether this row of data is currently either active / valid (Y) or
inactive / invalid (N).

|LONG_NAME |Long Name |character varying(255) |LONG NAME: The commonly
used long name of the tubular type.

|SHORT_NAME |Short Name |character varying(100) |SHORT NAME: The
commonly used short name of the tubular type.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) |ROW CHANGED BY:
Application login id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp |ROW CHANGED DATE: System
date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_ BY |Created By |character varying(100) |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_ DATE |Created Date |timestamp |ROW CREATED DATE: Date that
the row was created on.
|===

== R_Well_Class

*Table Name: R_Well_Class*

REFERENCE WELL CLASS: This reference table describes the classification
of a well. This may include, but is not restricted to the Lahee
classification scheme. For example development, new field wildcat or
outpost.

[width="100%",cols="15%,13%,20%,52%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Description*
|R_WELL_CLASS_ID |Well Class ID |integer |WELL CLASS IDENTIFER: The
identifier of the well class.

|WELL_CLASS |Well Class |character varying(40) |WELL CLASSIFICATION: A
reference table identifying the classification of a well commonly based
on the Lahee system. For example New Field Wildcat, Deeper Pool Test,
Outpost or Development

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp |System date of the last time
the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100)) |System user who
created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp |Date that the row was
created on.
|===

== R_Well_Datum_Type

*Table Name: R_Well_Datum_Type*

REFERENCE WELL DATUM TYPE: A reference table identifying the type of
point or horizontal surface used as an elevation reference for
measurements in a well. Examples: Kelly bushing, ground, sea level.

[width="100%",cols="18%,19%,11%,52%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Data Type* |*Ref_Table* |*Description*
|WELL_DATUM_TYPE_I D |integer | |WELL DATUM TYPE ID: An auto generated
database id and is the primary key for this row.

|WELL_DATUM_TYPE |character varying(50) | |WELL DATUM TYPE: The type of
point or horizontal surface used as an elevation reference for
measurements in a well. For example: Kelly bushing, ground, sea level.

|ABBREVIATION |character varying(50) | |ABBREVIATION: Abbreviation used
for reference type or code

|LONG_NAME |character varying(50) | |LONG NAME: Common long name given
to reference type or code.

|SHORT_NAME |character varying(50) | |SHORT NAME: Common short name
given to reference type or code.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |character varying(30) | |Application login id of the
user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |timestamp | |System date of the last time the row was
changed.

|ROW_CREATED_ BY |character varying(100) | |ROW CREATED BY: System user
who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_ DATE |timestamp | |ROW CREATED DATE: Date that the row was
created on.
|===

== R_Well_Level_Type

*Table Name: R_Well_Level_Type*

REFERENCE WELL LEVEL TYPE: Indicates which well component this row
describes, as outlined in
http://www.WhatIsAWell.org[www.WhatIsAWell.org]. Values may include
WELL, WELL ORIGIN, WELLBORE, WELLBORE SEGMENT, WELLBORE COMPLETION or
WELLBORE CONTACT INTERVAL.

[width="100%",cols="19%,17%,18%,46%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Description*
|R_WELL_LEVEL_TYPE_ID |Well Level Type ID |integer |WELL LEVEL TYPE ID:
The identifier to as the primary key for this row.

|DISPLAY_NAME |Name |character varying(30) |DISPLAY NAME: Display name
given to reference type or code.

|LONG_NAME |Long Name |character varying(255) |LONG NAME: Common long
name given to reference type or code.

|SHORT_NAME |Short Name |character varying(30) |SHORT NAME: Common short
name given to reference type or code.

|ABBREVIATION |Abbreviation |character varying(15) |ABBREVIATION:
Abbreviation used for reference type or code.

|REMARKS |Remarks |character varying(2000) |Narrative remarks about this
row of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |Boolean |: A Y or N flag indicating whether this
row of data is currently either active/valid (Y) or inactive/invalid
(N).

|EFFECTIVE_DATE |Effective Date |timestamp |The date that the data in
this row first came into effect.

|EXPIRY_DATE |Expiry Date |timestamp |The date that the data in this row
was no longer active or in effect.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp |System date of the last time
the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp |System user who created this
row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) |Date that the row
was created on.

|SOURCE_NAME |Source |character varying(50) |SOURCE NAME: The
individual, company, state, or government agency designated as the
source of information for this row.

|R_WELL_LEVEL_TYPE_NAME |R Well Level Type Name |character varying(50)
|WELL LEVEL TYPE NAME: Indicates which well component this row
describes, as outlined in
http://www.WhatIsAWell.org[www.WhatIsAWell.org]. Values may include
WELL, WELL ORIGIN, WELLBORE, WELLBORE SEGMENT, WELLBORE COMPLETION or
WELLBORE CONTACT INTERVAL.
|===

== R_Well_Status

*Table Name: R_Well_Status*

REFERENCE WELL STATUS: This reference table defines the status of the
well.

[width="100%",cols="14%,12%,14%,25%,35%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |Reference Table
|*Description*
|R_WELL_STATUS_ID |R Well Status ID |INTEGER | |R_WELL_STATUS_ID:The
identifier to as the primary key for this row.

|WELL_STATUS |Well Status |CHARACTER VARYING | |WELL_STATUS:The type of
status reported for the well. Can include construction status, operating
status, producing status, abandonment status etc.

|R_WELL_STATUS_TYPE_ID |R Well Status Type ID |INTEGER
|link:/#r_well_status_type[R_WELL_STATUS_TYPE]
|R_WELL_STATUS_TYPE_ID:The type of status reported for the well. These
should include the facet values from Well Status
http://www.ppdm.org/standards/wellstatus. Each facet type is one row in
this table. As needed, statuses that are reported fromvarious agencies
may also be included.

|R_SOURCE_ID |R Source ID |INTEGER |link:/#r_source[R_SOURCE]
|R_SOURCE_ID:The individual, company, state, or government agency
designated as the source of information for this row.

|REMARKS |Remarks |character varying(2000) | |Narrative remarks about
this row of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |Boolean | |: A Y or N flag indicating whether
this row of data is currently either active/valid (Y) or
inactive/invalid (N).

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) | |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp | |System date of the last
time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp | |System user who created
this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) | |Date that the row
was created on.
|===

== R_Well_Status_Type

*Table Name: R_Well_Status_Type*

REFERENCE WELL STATUS TYPE: The type of status reported for the well.
These should include the facet values from Well Status

[width="99%",cols="18%,16%,19%,47%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Description*
|R_WELL_STATUS_TYPE_ID |R Well Status Type ID |INTEGER
|R_WELL_STATUS_TYPE_ID: The identifier to as the primary key for this
row.

|WELL_STATUS_TYPE |Well Status Type |CHARACTER VARYING
|WELL_STATUS_TYPE: The type of status reported for the well. These
should include the facet values from Well Status
http://www.ppdm.org/standards/wellstatus. Each facet type is one row in
this table. As needed, statuses that are reported fromvarious agencies
may also be included.

|R_SOURCE_ID |R Source ID |INTEGER |R_SOURCE_ID: The individual,
company, state, or government agency designated as the source of
information for this row.

|REMARKS |Remarks |character varying(2000) |Narrative remarks about this
row of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |Boolean |: A Y or N flag indicating whether this
row of data is currently either active/valid (Y) or inactive/invalid
(N).

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp |System date of the last time
the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp |System user who created this
row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) |Date that the row
was created on.
|===

== R_Well_Test_Type

*Table Name: R_Well_Test_Type*

REFERENCE WELL TEST TYPE: Identifies the general type of test used to
evaluate the potential of the well. For example, Flow Test, Drill Stem
Tests(DST), Repeat Formation Tests (RFT), Initial Potential(IP).

[width="100%",cols="18%,13%,19%,50%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Description*
|R_WELL_TES T_TYPE_ID |Test Type ID |integer |WELL TEST TYPE IDENTIFIER:
Number uniquely identifying the test type.

|WELL_TEST_ TYPE |Test Type |character varying(40) |WELL TEST TYPE:
Identifies the general type of test used to evaluate the potential of
the well. For example,Flow Test, Drill Stem Tests (DST), Repeat
Formation Tests (RFT), Initial Potential(IP).

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y or N flag
indicating whether this row of data is currently either active/valid
(TRUE) or inactive/invalid (FALSE).

|LONG_NAM E |Long Name |character varying(255) |LONG NAME: Common long
name given to reference type or code.

|SHORT_NA ME |Short Name |character varying(100) |SHORT NAME: Common
short name given to reference type or code.

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHAN GED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) |ROW CHANGED BY:
Application login id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHAN GED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp |ROW CHANGED DATE: System
date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREAT ED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREAT ED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp |ROW CREATED DATE: Date that
the row was created on.
|===

== R_Allocation_Type

*Table Name: r_allocation_type*

R_ALLOCATION _TYPEï¼š A reference table identifying the t ype of
allocation factor that is used in calculations to attribute (allocate) a
measured movement of fluid to a number of production entities.

[width="100%",cols="17%,16%,19%,48%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Description*
|R_ALLOCATION_TYPE_ID |R Allocation Type ID |INTEGER |ALLOCATION TYPE
ID: Row Identifier Primary key

|ALLOCATION_TYPE |Allocation Type |CHARACTER VARYING |ALLOCATION FACTOR
TYPE: The type of allocation factor that is used in calculations to
attribute (allocate) a measured movement of fluid to a number of
production entities.

|LONG_NAME |Long Name |CHARACTER VARYING |LONG NAME: Common long name
given to reference type or code.

|SHORT_NAME |Short Name |CHARACTER VARYING |SHORT NAME: Common short
name given to reference type or code.

|REMARKS |Remarks |character varying(2000) |Narrative remarks about this
row of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |Boolean |: A Y or N flag indicating whether this
row of data is currently either active/valid (Y) or inactive/invalid
(N).

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp |System date of the last time
the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp |System user who created this
row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) |Date that the row
was created on.
|===

== R_Amend_Reason

*Table Name: r_amend_reason*

R_AMEND_REASONï¼š AMENDMENT REASON REFERENCE: The reason why a production
amendment was posted, such as instrument calibration, calculation error
or volume balancing.

[width="100%",cols="16%,14%,20%,50%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Description*
|R_AMEND_REASON_ID |R Amend Reason ID |INTEGER |Primary key

|AMEND_REASON |Amend Reason |CHARACTER VARYING |The reason why a
production amendment was posted, such as instrument calibration,
calculation error or volume balancing.

|LONG_NAME |Long Name |CHARACTER VARYING |LONG NAME: Common long name
given to reference type or code.

|SHORT_NAME |Short Name |CHARACTER VARYING |SHORT NAME: Common short
name given to reference type or code.

|REMARKS |Remarks |character varying(2000) |Narrative remarks about this
row of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |Boolean |: A Y or N flag indicating whether this
row of data is currently either active/valid (Y) or inactive/invalid
(N).

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp |System date of the last time
the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp |System user who created this
row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) |Date that the row
was created on.
|===

== R_Disposition_Category

*Table Name: r_disposition_category*

R_DISPOSITION_CATEGORYï¼š Disposition categories define how each
disposition behaves regarding theoretical and allocated production
calculation and recalculation.

[width="100%",cols="20%,19%,17%,44%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Description*
|R_DISPOSITON_CATEGORY_ID |R Disposition Category ID |INTEGER |R
DISPOSTION CATEGORY ID: Identifier of this Row.

|DISPOSITON_CATEGORY |Disposition Category |CHARACTER VARYING
|DISPOSITION CATEGORY: It is used to define how each dispoisition
behaves regarding theoretical and allocated production calculation and
recalculation. The category include subtracting(negative category),
adding(positive category) or remaining neutral towards production.

|LONG_NAME |Long Name |CHARACTER VARYING |LONG NAME: Common long name
given to reference type or code.

|SHORT_NAME |Short Name |CHARACTER VARYING |SHORT NAME: Common short
name given to reference type or code.

|REMARKS |Remarks |character varying(2000) |Narrative remarks about this
row of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |Boolean |: A Y or N flag indicating whether this
row of data is currently either active/valid (Y) or inactive/invalid
(N).

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp |System date of the last time
the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp |System user who created this
row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) |Date that the row
was created on.
|===

== R_Period_Kind

*Table Name: r_period_kind*

R_PERIOD_KINDï¼š Specifies the periods of volume for reporting Entities.
Such as Month, Day,Year to Date etc.

[width="100%",cols="16%,13%,20%,51%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Description*
|R_PERIOD_KIND_ID |R Period Kind ID |INTEGER |R Period Kind ID:
Identifier of this Row.

|PERIOD_KIND |Period Kind |CHARACTER VARYING |PERIOD KIND: Identifies
the periods of time for Volume reporting. Possible values include DAY,
MONTH, YEAR

|LONG_NAME |Long Name |CHARACTER VARYING |LONG NAME: Common long name
given to reference type or code.

|SHORT_NAME |Short Name |CHARACTER VARYING |SHORT NAME: Common short
name given to reference type or code.

|REMARKS |Remarks |character varying(2000) |Narrative remarks about this
row of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |Boolean |: A Y or N flag indicating whether this
row of data is currently either active/valid (Y) or inactive/invalid
(N).

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp |System date of the last time
the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp |System user who created this
row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) |Date that the row
was created on.
|===

== R_Product_Category

*Table Name: r_product_category*

R_PRODUCT_CATEGORY: This is reference table for R_REPORTING_PRODUCT and
it will store Product categories like Product Fluid , Service Fluid.

[width="99%",cols="18%,16%,19%,47%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Description*
|R_PRODUCT_CATEGORY_ID |R Product Category ID |INTEGER |R PRODUCT
CATEGORY ID: Row Identifier

|PRODUCT_CATEGORY |Product Category |CHARACTER VARYING |PRODUCT
CATEGORY: Specifies the product category .Product is service fluid or
Product Fluid.

|LONG_NAME |Long Name |CHARACTER VARYING |LONG NAME: Common long name
given to reference type or code.

|SHORT_NAME |Short Name |CHARACTER VARYING |SHORT NAME: Common short
name given to reference type or code.

|REMARKS |Remarks |character varying(2000) |Narrative remarks about this
row of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |Boolean |: A Y or N flag indicating whether this
row of data is currently either active/valid (Y) or inactive/invalid
(N).

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp |System date of the last time
the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp |System user who created this
row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) |Date that the row
was created on.
|===

== R_Quantity_Method

*Table Name: r_quantity_method*

R_QUANTITY_METHOD: Specifies the available methods for deriving a
quantity or volume. Ex. Allocated, Allowed, Estimated, Target, Measured,
Budget, Forecast Etc.

[width="100%",cols="17%,16%,19%,48%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Description*
|R_QUANTITY_METHOD_ID |R Quantity Method ID |INTEGER |R QUANTITY METHOD
ID: Row Identifier

|QUANTITY_METHOD |Quantity Method |CHARACTER VARYING |QUANTITY METHOD:
Specifies the available methods for deriving a quantity or volume. Ex.
Allocated, Allowed, Estimated, Target, Measured, Budget, Forecast Etc.

|LONG_NAME |Long Name |CHARACTER VARYING |R QUANTITY METHOD ID: Row
Identifier

|SHORT_NAME |Short Name |CHARACTER VARYING |QUANTITY METHOD: Specifies
the available methods for deriving a quantity or volume. Ex. Allocated,
Allowed, Estimated, Target, Measured, Budget, Forecast Etc.

|REMARKS |Remarks |character varying(2000) |Narrative remarks about this
row of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |Boolean |: A Y or N flag indicating whether this
row of data is currently either active/valid (Y) or inactive/invalid
(N).

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp |System date of the last time
the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp |System user who created this
row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) |Date that the row
was created on.
|===

== R_Reporting_Entity_Kind

*Table Name: r_reporting_entity_kind*

R_REPORTING_ENTITY_KINDï¼š

[width="100%",cols="20%,19%,17%,44%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Description*
|R_REPORTING_ENTITY_KIND_ID |R Reporting Entity Kind ID |INTEGER
|REPORTING ENTITY KIND ID: Identifier of this Row. Primary key of R
REPORTING ENTITY KIND

|REPORTING_ENTITY_KIND |Reporting Entity Kind |CHARACTER VARYING
|REPRORTING ENTITY KIND: Identifies the reporting Entity Kind Ex. Well,
Facility, Field, Completion

|REMARKS |Remarks |character varying(2000) |Narrative remarks about this
row of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |Boolean |: A Y or N flag indicating whether this
row of data is currently either active/valid (Y) or inactive/invalid
(N).

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp |System date of the last time
the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp |System user who created this
row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) |Date that the row
was created on.
|===

== R_Reporting_Flow

*Table Name: r_reporting_flow*

R_REPORTING_FLOW: This table is used to store information for the types
of volumes flow . Ex. Open Inventory , Closing
Inventory,Production,Injection Disposition.

[width="100%",cols="19%,18%,18%,45%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Description*
|R_REPORTING_FLOW_ID |R Reporting Flow ID |INTEGER |R REPORTING FLOW ID:
Identifier of this Row.

|REPORTING_FLOW |Reporting Flow |CHARACTER VARYING |REPORTING FLOW
Specifies the types of flow for volume reports. Ex. consume, consume -
black start, consume - emitted, disposal, Export Etc.

|PARENT_FLOW_KIND_ID |Parent Flow Kind ID |INTEGER |PARENT FLOW KIND ID
is reference if and specifies the Parent Reporting flow category Ex.
Open Inventory,Closing Inventory, Production,Injection etc.

|R_DISPOSITON_CATEGORY_ID |R Disposition Category ID |INTEGER
|DISPOSITION CATEGORY: It is used to define how each disposition behaves
regarding theoretical and allocated production calculation and
recalculation. The category include subtracting(negative category),
adding(positive category) or remaining neutral towards production.

|LONG_NAME |Long Name |CHARACTER VARYING |LONG NAME: Common long name
given to reference type or code.

|SHORT_NAME |Short Name |CHARACTER VARYING |SHORT NAME: Common short
name given to reference type or code.

|REMARKS |Remarks |character varying(2000) |Narrative remarks about this
row of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |Boolean |: A Y or N flag indicating whether this
row of data is currently either active/valid (Y) or inactive/invalid
(N).

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp |System date of the last time
the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp |System user who created this
row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) |Date that the row
was created on.
|===

== R_Reporting_Product

*Table Name: r_reporting_product*

R_REPORTING_PRODUCT: This tables is reference table and will store
reporting product types Ex. Oil , Water,Gas. The product kinds stored in
this table will be linked with PRODUCT_VOLUME_SUMMARY table .

[width="100%",cols="19%,17%,18%,46%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Description*
|R_REPORTING_PRODUCT_ID |R Reporting Product ID |INTEGER |R REPORTING
PRODUCT ID: Row Identifier

|PRODUCT |Product |CHARACTER VARYING |REPORTING PRODUCT: Specifies
Reporting Product Names Ex. OIL , Water, Gas

|R_PRODUCT_CATEGORY_ID |R Product Category ID |INTEGER |REPORTING
PRODUCT CATEGORY: Specifies the product is service fluid or Product
Fluid

|LONG_NAME |Long Name |CHARACTER VARYING |LONG NAME: Common long name
given to reference type or code.

|SHORT_NAME |Short Name |CHARACTER VARYING |SHORT NAME: Common short
name given to reference type or code.

|REMARKS |Remarks |character varying(2000) |Narrative remarks about this
row of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |Boolean |: A Y or N flag indicating whether this
row of data is currently either active/valid (Y) or inactive/invalid
(N).

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp |System date of the last time
the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp |System user who created this
row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) |Date that the row
was created on.
|===

== R_Direction_Type

*Table Name: r_direction_type*

R_DIRECTION_TYPE: Specifies the types of product flow ports.

[width="100%",cols="17%,15%,19%,49%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Description*
|R_DIRECTION_TYPE_ID |R Direction Type ID |INTEGER |Primary Key

|DIRECTION_TYPE |Direction Type |CHARACTER VARYING |Specifies the types
of product flow ports. i.e.Â inlet, outlet and unknown

|LONG_NAME |Long Name |CHARACTER VARYING |LONG NAME: Common long name
given to reference type or code.

|SHORT_NAME |Short Name |CHARACTER VARYING |SHORT NAME: Common short
name given to reference type or code.

|REMARKS |Remarks |character varying(2000) |Narrative remarks about this
row of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |Boolean |: A Y or N flag indicating whether this
row of data is currently either active/valid (Y) or inactive/invalid
(N).

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp |System date of the last time
the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp |System user who created this
row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) |Date that the row
was created on.
|===

== R_Endpoint_Qualifier

*Table Name: r_endpoint_qualifier*

R_ENDPOINT_QUALIFIER: Specifies values for the endpoint for min/max
query parameters on growing objects.

[width="100%",cols="19%,17%,18%,46%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Description*
|R_ENDPOINT_QUALIFIER_ID |R Endpoint Qualified ID |INTEGER |Primary Key

|ENDPOINT_QUALIFIER |Endpoint Qualifier |CHARACTER VARYING |Values for
the endpoint for min/max query parameters on growing objects. exclusive:
The value is excluded. extensive: The endpoint of the range may be
extended to the first encountered value if an exact value match is not
found.That is, if a node index value does not match the specified range
value then the next smaller value (on minimum end) or larger value (on
maximum end) in the index series should be used as the endpoint.
Basically, this concept is designed to support interpolation across an
undefined point. inclusive: The value is included. overlap extensive:
The endpoint of the range may be extended to the first encountered value
if the interval is overlapped with the index interval. That is, if a
node index value does not match the specified range value then the next
smaller value (on minimum end) or larger value (on maximum end) in the
index series should be used as the endpoint. This concept is designed to
select ALL nodes whose index interval overlap with the query range.

|LONG_NAME |Long Name |CHARACTER VARYING |LONG NAME: Common long name
given to reference type or code.

|SHORT_NAME |Short Name |CHARACTER VARYING |SHORT NAME: Common short
name given to reference type or code.

|REMARKS |Remarks |character varying(2000) |Narrative remarks about this
row of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |Boolean |: A Y or N flag indicating whether this
row of data is currently either active/valid (Y) or inactive/invalid
(N).

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp |System date of the last time
the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp |System user who created this
row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) |Date that the row
was created on.
|===

== R_Facility_Parameter

*Table Name: r_facility_parameter*

R_FACILITY_PARAMETER: Specifies the kinds of facility parameters.

[width="100%",cols="19%,17%,18%,46%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Description*
|R_FACILITY_PARAMETER_ID |R Facility Parameter ID |INTEGER |Primary Key

|FACILITY_PARAMETER |Facility Parameter |CHARACTER VARYING |Specifies
the kinds of facility parameters. i.e.Â [absorbed dose class,acceleration
linear clas, etc.]

|LONG_NAME |Long Name |CHARACTER VARYING |LONG NAME: Common long name
given to reference type or code.

|SHORT_NAME |Short Name |CHARACTER VARYING |SHORT NAME: Common short
name given to reference type or code.

|REMARKS |Remarks |character varying(2000) |Narrative remarks about this
row of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |Boolean |: A Y or N flag indicating whether this
row of data is currently either active/valid (Y) or inactive/invalid
(N).

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp |System date of the last time
the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp |System user who created this
row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) |Date that the row
was created on.
|===

== R_Flow_Qualifier

*Table Name: r_flow_qualifier*

R_FLOW_QUALIFIER: Specifies qualifiers for the type of flow.

[width="100%",cols="17%,15%,19%,49%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Description*
|R_FLOW_QUALIFIER_ID |R Flow Qualified ID |R_FLOW_QUALIFIER_ID |Primary
Key

|FLOW_QUALIFIER |Flow Qualifier |FLOW_QUALIFIER |Specifies qualifiers
for the type of flow. i.e.Â allocated, budget, etc.

|LONG_NAME |Long Name |CHARACTER VARYING |LONG NAME: Common long name
given to reference type or code.

|SHORT_NAME |Short Name |CHARACTER VARYING |SHORT NAME: Common short
name given to reference type or code.

|REMARKS |Remarks |character varying(2000) |Narrative remarks about this
row of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |Boolean |: A Y or N flag indicating whether this
row of data is currently either active/valid (Y) or inactive/invalid
(N).

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp |System date of the last time
the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp |System user who created this
row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) |Date that the row
was created on.
|===

== R_Reporting_Facility_Kind

*Table Name: r_reporting_facility_kind*

R_REPORTING_FACILITY_KIND: Specifies the kinds of facilities (usage of
well or facility) that can be reported on.

[width="100%",cols="22%,17%,17%,44%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Description*
|R_REPORTING_FACILITY_KIND_ID |R Reporting Facility ID |INTEGER |Primary
Key

|REPORTING_FACILITY_KIND |Reporting Facility Kind |CHARACTER VARYING
|Specifies the kinds of facilities (usage of equipment or material) that
can be reported on. i.e.Â [block valve, bottomhole, etc.]

|LONG_NAME |Long Name |CHARACTER VARYING |LONG NAME: Common long name
given to reference type or code.

|SHORT_NAME |Short Name |CHARACTER VARYING |SHORT NAME: Common short
name given to reference type or code.

|REMARKS |Remarks |character varying(2000) |Narrative remarks about this
row of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |Boolean |: A Y or N flag indicating whether this
row of data is currently either active/valid (Y) or inactive/invalid
(N).

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp |System date of the last time
the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp |System user who created this
row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) |Date that the row
was created on.
|===

== R_Scenario_Type

*Table Name: r_scenario_type*

SCENARIO TYPE REFERENCE: The type that is used to describe the type.
Such as Base Scenario, Alternate Scenario.

[width="100%",cols="17%,13%,20%,50%",options="header",]
|===
|Column Name |Display Name |Data Type |Description
|R_SCENARIO_TYPE_ID |Scenario Type ID |integer |SCENARIO TYPE REFERENCE
ID: Number or code uniquely identifying the scenario type.

|SCENARIO_TYPE |Scenario Type |character varying(40) |SCENARIO TYPE: The
scenario type, for example, base scenario, alternate scenario

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |boolean |ACTIVE INDICATOR: A Y/N flag indicating
whether this row of data is currently either active / valid (Y) or
inactive / invalid (N).

|LONG_NAME |Long Name |character varying(255) |LONG NAME: The commonly
used long name of the completion type.

|SHORT_NAME |Short Name |character varying(100) |SHORT NAME: The
commonly used short name of the completion type.

|REMARK |Remark |character varying(2000) |REMARK: Narrative remarks
about this row of data.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) |ROW CHANGED BY:
Application login id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp |ROW CHANGED DATE: System
date of the last time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) |ROW CREATED BY:
System user who created this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp |ROW CREATED DATE: Date that
the row was created on.
|===

== R_Measurement

*Table Name: r_measurement*

R_MEASUREMENT: This reference table describes the various measurement
that used for well tests, and routine daily or periodically measure job.

[width="100%",cols="17%,16%,19%,48%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Description*
|R_MEASUREMENT_ID |R Measurement ID |INTEGER |R MEASUREMENT ID: Primary
key Row identifier for current row.

|MEASUREMENT |Measurement |CHARACTER VARYING |MEASUREMENT: To describe
the various measurement that used for well tests, and routine daily or
periodically measure job.

|INCLUDE_ON_WELL_TEST |Include On Well Test |BOOLEAN |INCLUDE ON WELL
TEST: A label to identify if it is commonly used in well test job.

|LONG_NAME |Long Name |CHARACTER VARYING |LONG NAME: Common long name
given to reference type or code.

|SHORT_NAME |Short Name |CHARACTER VARYING |SHORT NAME: Common short
name given to reference type or code.

|REMARKS |Remarks |character varying(2000) |Narrative remarks about this
row of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |Boolean |: A Y or N flag indicating whether this
row of data is currently either active/valid (Y) or inactive/invalid
(N).

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp |System date of the last time
the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp |System user who created this
row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) |Date that the row
was created on.
|===

== R_Test_Product

*Table Name: r_test_product*

R_TEST_PRODUCT: Specifies the product kinds , such as oil, water, gas,
condensate, sediment and water, and sand, which are commonly tested in
well test.

[width="100%",cols="16%,14%,20%,50%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Description*
|R_TEST_PRODUCT_ID |R Test Product ID |INTEGER |R TEST PRODUCT ID:
Primary key Row identifier for current row.

|TEST_PRODUCT |Test Product |CHARACTER VARYING |TEST PRODUCT: Specifies
the product kinds , such as oil, water, gas, condensate, sediment and
water, and sand, which are commonly tested in well test.

|LONG_NAME |Long Name |CHARACTER VARYING |LONG NAME: Common long name
given to reference type or code.

|SHORT_NAME |Short Name |CHARACTER VARYING |SHORT NAME: Common short
name given to reference type or code.

|REMARKS |Remarks |character varying(2000) |Narrative remarks about this
row of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |Boolean |: A Y or N flag indicating whether this
row of data is currently either active/valid (Y) or inactive/invalid
(N).

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp |System date of the last time
the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp |System user who created this
row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) |Date that the row
was created on.
|===

== R_Validate_Result

*Table Name: r_validate_result*

R_VALIDATE_RESULT: This table is used to Specify well test validation
results, such as failed, passed, passed with changes, or unknown.

[width="100%",cols="17%,16%,19%,48%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Description*
|R_VALIDATE_RESULT_ID |R Validate Result ID |INTEGER |R VALIDATE RESULT
ID: Primary key Row identifier for current row.

|VALIDATE_RESULT |Validate Result |CHARACTER VARYING |VALIDATE RESULT:
To Specify well test validation results, such as failed, passed, passed
with changes, or unknown.

|LONG_NAME |Long Name |CHARACTER VARYING |LONG NAME: Common long name
given to reference type or code.

|SHORT_NAME |Short Name |CHARACTER VARYING |SHORT NAME: Common short
name given to reference type or code.

|REMARKS |Remarks |character varying(2000) |Narrative remarks about this
row of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |Boolean |: A Y or N flag indicating whether this
row of data is currently either active/valid (Y) or inactive/invalid
(N).

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp |System date of the last time
the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp |System user who created this
row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) |Date that the row
was created on.
|===

== R_Decline_Curve_Type

*Table Name: r_decline_curve_type*

R DECLINE CURVE TYPE: The type of decline curve that is used in decline
curve forecast calculations such as exponential, harmonic, hyperbolic,
linear, etc.

[width="100%",cols="19%,14%,19%,48%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Description*
|R_DECLINE_CURVE_TYPE_ID |Decline Curve Type |Integer |Primary key row
identifier

|DECLINE_CURVE_TYPE |Decline Curve Type |character varying(40) |The type
of decline curve that is used in decline curve forecast calculations
such as exponential, harmonic, hyperbolic, linear, etc.

|LONG_NAME |Long Name |character varying(255) |Common long name given to
reference type or code.

|SHORT_NAME |Short Name |character varying(30) |Common short name given
to reference type or code.

|REMARKS |Remarks |character varying(2000) |Narrative remarks about this
row of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |Boolean |A Y or N flag indicating whether this
row of data is currently either active/valid (Y) or inactive/invalid
(N).

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp |System date of the last time
the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp |System user who created this
row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) |Date that the row
was created on.
|===

== R_Decline_Method

*Table Name: r_decline_method*

R DECLINE METHOD: The method of decline curve analysis that is used in
decline curve forecast. Such as Arps, Duong, SEPD, Power Law, Modified
Arps, Customized.

[width="100%",cols="17%,15%,19%,49%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Description*
|R_DECLINE_METHOD_ID |R Decline Method Id |integer |Primary key

|DECLINE_METHOD |Decline Method |character varying(40) |The method of
decline curve analysis that is used in decline curve forecast. Such as
Arps, Duong, SEPD, Power Law, Modified Arps, Customized.

|LONG_NAME |Long Name |character varying(255) |Common long name given to
reference type or code.

|SHORT_NAME |Short Name |character varying(30) |Common short name given
to reference type or code.

|REMARKS |Remarks |character varying(2000) |Narrative remarks about this
row of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |Boolean |A Y or N flag indicating whether this
row of data is currently either active/valid (Y) or inactive/invalid
(N).

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp |System date of the last time
the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp |System user who created this
row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) |Date that the row
was created on.
|===

== R_Decline_Parm

*Table Name: r_decline_parm*

R DECLINE PARM: Use this table to capture the parameters for any decline
analysis method. This table may list a variety of parameter settings for
each method, an actual analysis study method will use multiple
parameters.

[width="100%",cols="16%,14%,20%,50%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Description*
|R_DECLINE_PARM_ID |R Decline Parm Id |integer |Primary key

|DECLINE_PARM |Decline Parm |character varying(40) |List a variety of
parameter settings for each method, an actual analysis study method will
use multiple parameters.

|DESCRIPTION |Description |character varying(60) |The information
described for this row of parameter.

|LONG_NAME |Long Name |character varying(255) |Common long name given to
reference type or code.

|SHORT_NAME |Short Name |character varying(30) |Common short name given
to reference type or code.

|REMARKS |Remarks |character varying(2000) |Narrative remarks about this
row of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |Boolean |A Y or N flag indicating whether this
row of data is currently either active/valid (Y) or inactive/invalid
(N).

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp |System date of the last time
the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp |System user who created this
row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) |Date that the row
was created on.
|===

== R_Decline_Type

*Table Name: r_decline_type*

R DECLINE TYPE: The type of decline that is used in decline curve
forecast calculations such as nominal or effective percentage.

[width="100%",cols="16%,14%,20%,50%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Description*
|R_DECLINE_TYPE_ID |R Decline Type Id |integer |Primary key

|DECLINE_TYPE |Decline Type |character varying(40) |The type of decline
that is used in decline curve forecast calculations such as nominal or
effective percentage.

|LONG_NAME |Long Name |character varying(255) |Common long name given to
reference type or code.

|SHORT_NAME |Short Name |character varying(30) |Common short name given
to reference type or code.

|REMARKS |Remarks |character varying(2000) |Narrative remarks about this
row of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |Boolean |A Y or N flag indicating whether this
row of data is currently either active/valid (Y) or inactive/invalid
(N).

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp |System date of the last time
the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp |System user who created this
row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) |Date that the row
was created on.
|===

== R_Forecast_Class

*Table Name: r_forecast_class*

R FORECAST CLASS: These classes may define the lifecycles states of the
forecast(proposed, current, deprecated), the authorized state of the
forecast(official, unofficial), the intent of the forecast (2005 budget,
project proposal etc.) as well as other classification schemes.

[width="100%",cols="15%,13%,13%,26%,33%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |Ref Table |*Description*
|R_FORECAST_CLASS_ID |R Forecast Class Id |integer | |Primary key

|FORECAST_CLASS |Forecast Class |character varying(40) | |These classes
may define the lifecycles states of the forecast(proposed, current,
deprecated), the authorized state of the forecast(official, unofficial),
the intent of the forecast (2005 budget, project proposal etc.) as well
as

|R_FORECAST_CLASS_TYPE_ID |R Forecast Class Type Id |integer
|link:#r_forecast_class_type[R FORECAST CLASS TYPE] |The class type that
defined for production forecast

|LONG_NAME |Long Name |character varying(255) | |Common long name given
to reference type or code.

|SHORT_NAME |Short Name |character varying(30) | |Common short name
given to reference type or code.

|REMARKS |Remarks |character varying(2000) | |Narrative remarks about
this row of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |Boolean | |A Y or N flag indicating whether this
row of data is currently either active/valid (Y) or inactive/invalid
(N).

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) | |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp | |System date of the last
time the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp | |System user who created
this row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) | |Date that the row
was created on.
|===

== R_Forecast_Class_Type

*Table Name: r_forecast_class_type*

R FORECAST CLASS TYPE: This table defines the classification schemes
that can be defined for and applied to forecasts.

[width="100%",cols="20%,16%,18%,46%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Description*
|R_FORECAST_CLASS_TYPE_ID |R Forecast Class Type |integer |Primary key

|R_FORECAST_CLASS_TYPE_ID |Forecast Class Type |character varying(40)
|The class type that defined for production forecast

|LONG_NAME |Long Name |character varying(255) |Common long name given to
reference type or code.

|SHORT_NAME |Short Name |character varying(30) |Common short name given
to reference type or code.

|REMARKS |Remarks |character varying(2000) |Narrative remarks about this
row of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |Boolean |A Y or N flag indicating whether this
row of data is currently either active/valid (Y) or inactive/invalid
(N).

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp |System date of the last time
the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp |System user who created this
row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) |Date that the row
was created on.
|===

== R_Ratio_Curve_Type

*Table Name: r_ratio_curve_type*

R RATIO CURVE TYPE: The type of ratio curve that is used in decline
curve forecast calculations such as linear, semi-log, log-log, etc.

[width="99%",cols="18%,16%,19%,47%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Description*
|R_RATIO_CURVE_TYPE_ID |R Ratio Curve Type Id |integer |Primary key

|RATIO_CURVE_TYPE |Ratio Curve Type |character varying(40) |The type of
ratio curve that is used in decline curve forecast calculations such as
linear, semi-log, log-log, etc.

|LONG_NAME |Long Name |character varying(255) |Common long name given to
reference type or code.

|SHORT_NAME |Short Name |character varying(30) |Common short name given
to reference type or code.

|REMARKS |Remarks |character varying(2000) |Narrative remarks about this
row of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |Boolean |A Y or N flag indicating whether this
row of data is currently either active/valid (Y) or inactive/invalid
(N).

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp |System date of the last time
the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp |System user who created this
row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) |Date that the row
was created o
|===

== R_Ratio_Fluid_Type

*Table Name: r_ratio_fluid_type*

R RATIO FLUID TYPE: The type of ratio fluid that is used in decline
curve forecast calculations for GOR, YIELD, etc.

[width="99%",cols="18%,16%,19%,47%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Description*
|R_RATIO_FLUID_TYPE_ID |R Ratio Fluid Type Id |integer |Primary key

|RATIO_FLUID_TYPE |Ratio Fluid Type |character varying(40) |The type of
ratio fluid that is used in decline curve forecast calculations for GOR,
YIELD, etc.

|LONG_NAME |Long Name |character varying(255) |Common long name given to
reference type or code.

|SHORT_NAME |Short Name |character varying(30) |Common short name given
to reference type or code.

|REMARKS |Remarks |character varying(2000) |Narrative remarks about this
row of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |Boolean |A Y or N flag indicating whether this
row of data is currently either active/valid (Y) or inactive/invalid
(N).

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp |System date of the last time
the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp |System user who created this
row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) |Date that the row
was created o
|===

== R_Scenario_Source

*Table Name: r_scenario_source*

R SCENARIO SOURCE: This table is used to Specify well test validation
results, such as failed, passed, passed with changes, or unknown.

[width="100%",cols="17%,16%,19%,48%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Description*
|R_SCENARIO_SOURCE_ID |R Scenario Source Id |integer |Primary key

|SCENARIO_SOURCE |Scenario Source |character varying(40) |To Specify
well test validation results, such as failed, passed, passed with
changes, or unknown.

|LONG_NAME |Long Name |character varying(255) |Common long name given to
reference type or code.

|SHORT_NAME |Short Name |character varying(30) |Common short name given
to reference type or code.

|REMARKS |Remarks |character varying(2000) |Narrative remarks about this
row of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |Boolean |A Y or N flag indicating whether this
row of data is currently either active/valid (Y) or inactive/invalid
(N).

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp |System date of the last time
the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp |System user who created this
row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) |Date that the row
was created o
|===

== R_Source

*Table Name: r_source*

R_SOURCE: A reference table identifying the individual, company, state
or government agency that provided information. For example Digitech,
Dwights, PetroData, Petroleum Information or API.

[width="100%",cols="16%,13%,20%,51%",options="header",]
|===
|*Column Name* |*Display Name* |*Data Type* |*Description*
|R_SOURCE_ID |Source ID |integer |SOURCE ID: The identifier to as the
primary key for this row.

|DISPLAY_NAME |Name |character varying(30) |DISPLAY NAME: Display name
given to reference type or code.

|LONG_NAME |Long Name |character varying(255) |LONG NAME: Common long
name given to reference type or code.

|SHORT_NAME |Short Name |character varying(30) |SHORT NAME: Common short
name given to reference type or code.

|ABBREVIATION |Abbreviation |character varying(15) |ABBREVIATION:
Abbreviation used for reference type or code.

|REMARKS |Remarks |character varying(2000) |Narrative remarks about this
row of data.

|IS_ACTIVE |Is Active |Boolean |: A Y or N flag indicating whether this
row of data is currently either active/valid (Y) or inactive/invalid
(N).

|EFFECTIVE_DATE |Effective Date |timestamp |The date that the data in
this row first came into effect.

|EXPIRY_DATE |Expiry Date |timestamp |The date that the data in this row
was no longer active or in effect.

|ROW_CHANGED_BY |Changed By |character varying(100) |Application login
id of the user who last changed the row.

|ROW_CHANGED_DATE |Changed Date |timestamp |System date of the last time
the row was changed.

|ROW_CREATED_DATE |Created Date |timestamp |System user who created this
row of data.

|ROW_CREATED_BY |Created By |character varying(100) |Date that the row
was created on.
|===
